



           2006. T  
       41 .
      1962. T ,  ,     
      C H  R I S  D,  8 
     ""   80,     . 
     16  17 . A   E  I  
    ,   I   2000  
    - , I , 125 S. I     
    . A    ,     1953, 
    . A  , 1958,  
   . I   I'    $20,000  
   1984 D   R, I  --, 
   400   . M   S  G W 
   8:00 -       . T  - 
   90; I ' ,     . T 
  ,   (2006)  ; I     
  .       ( 1996   
  . C 1    I      
  ." 1997 I  I'  .
  1969  I '     ;      
  1997
  ;         1952?
  WN3DRP I    ; I        
 $500,   . I  . W     
 $800. O     I  I  ""  . T  
 , ;   '    I  70 
 -  1994-1996   - I         
 2004     T16 G   L.A.  2006  
 5. B    ,  ,  I  , , 
 ;      ,       2  
 Y2K ,  '  -       I 
$4000 ;   $2000   . S    
$| = 1; 
'   I    I  24. I   
' . F    2001-2002 I   M. A    
(0);
, , , , . S, , 2007, I  
.  1996
. E , 1/4/07, I         
. M   , I ,  1953,      
. S , 2004,  ? W       
1942 H  I ? W  I ? H  I?
1943 I      . T   ,   . 
1943 T      _ _    
1943-1997 I    . L   ,  . I' 
1943-2007 A   . O       
1947 I '  . I '   . I   
1948 O  -       ,  
1950 A   I     S  ; I 
1950 I            ;   
1952    -    T  S    
1952 A     R S: T'   8 . 
1952 I         R S  F 
1952 I    B    ,  
1952 I  '           T 
1953 F           S 
1954 T B C        ,  
1955 . S  J K  C     ; I  
1955 A  , I         ;  
1956 I     ; I  . E - 
1956 I   E. I    "." S   E' 
1956 L   (    ?), I    
1956-60 I    , . I        ; 
1956-8 I   A F A (    
1957 T W      K, P, 
1958 A     D; ,   T 
1958 I      B        
1958 J U  I            
1958 W  I          
1959 I    J   B  W   W 
1959 I'     P T   M H, 
1959 S     B , T K, 
1959 W  I      ?
1960 A W  W     ;      
1960 B        C K (?)  I 
1960 I        -    
1960 I        B,   I 
1960 I      I    ""  
1960 I    A' ; I      
1960 I   I   ,    J,  
1960 I'   I    I      
1960 T        . F ? F  
1960 T  B U? E , I.A. R      
1960 T ,      ,    
1960-1997 S  :      ;   
1961 I     . M    . T  
1961-1962 ( 2007). N 2007 I'      
1961-1962 M    B  . I   ;  
1962  ,    . I      ;  
1962 I               
1962 I     I           
1962 I  I       RISD;    
1962 O     N, I ,   ,   
1962 W             G 
1962 W    ,  I   I,    
1962-1963 W  I   ,    J. T  
1964 T  I        P  
1965 I    P    B U . 
1966 W  E   ;  J Z     
1967 *** I '  I   ,      
1967 *** T   . T     ;  
1967 I'   I'  E. I   (I   ) -  
1967-1968 P      ,   ESP,  
1967-1970 D I    G F     I ,  
1968 I      M  J. I    . 
1968 I    IBM S,     , 
1968 I  A,    W' B D P  
1968 I  J  I  ;     . I  
1968 T'        :  __  
1969 V  I   - ,   
1970-71 P B C  I    ? I  J 
1972 I    B' ;     , 
1973 A   -  I'   - I   L,  I 
1973 A  P B I   "T W' S S" 
1973 I      G K (?)  ;  I 
1973-1974 I   E  B;       C 
1974 A  , I       R M; 
1974 I     , UCSD, C A, RISD ( K), 
1974 I   I    G S,    W 
1974 L    , T B  S  M 
1974 R    V,   '       
1975 A  , L        S. 
1975 M  S   W V       
1975 R M  I     . I '  
1976 E I  I ;   . W   N S 
1976-1977 I    S  R,      
1977 A   I        , 
1977 I      H,   H C  A. 
1977 J  ; I   . E'   
1977 S, I  I  . M  , I  I' 
1977 T B  ,        
1977 T W    K A  I ; '    
1977-1997 R  J; I    ;     I 
1978 R L H,      /   
1978-1979 I       U  C, I; I 
1980 I          I ;    
1980 I  V      ,     ; I 
1980 T       ; I  37 . L 
1980-1982 I   UCLA   ,       
1982 A  I   Q       
1982 I        -    T -  
1982 I   T  I  A R    ; 
1982 I Q         B    
1983 I       N C A 
1983-85 A      O C  A,  
1984 A N,    A B;     
1985-6 L P C'       T ; 
1985-87 I  N, A  , I   U  T  
1986 I   D   /  ;   
1987 D   ,     ;    ; 
1987 W   , D       ,   
1988 A     G S      
1988 A I        I   N. S 
1988 I    A D  H C 
1988 I   N G   H;      
1988 I  A D  H C A C. T 
1989   - '        . I   
1989 A     , M  I  A  N Y. I 
1989 M  I     N C; ' 
1989-91 D    M I        
1990 T      N Y, 432 D S  B,  
1991 O ,    ESP      CD  ZYX 
1992 M      ;      
1993 F    I   IBM XT. M     
1993 M  -       
1993 M  ;          - I 
1994 B C  F--P    M 
1995 I   F--P      J 
1996             , 
1996 A    N,   C96   P, 
1996 I  A  I      ,   
1996 I  A  S   P . S   
1996 W  M G  S, N S,   
1997 , I   ""  , . T     
1997 , T'    . T   . N 
1997 A    , D N     
1997 B  R ,    ,   , 
1997 B  S     ,      
1997 I       ,       
1997 I   4-7-7 C, H-K, F-S 812, J, 
1997 J 7-22   C\CEN  S    
1997 L  I        O;     
1997 L, I ,   M     L    
1997 M L D       ,  2 ,  N Y. 
1997 N   F   L D
1997 S  ,        -  
1997 S, , .
1997 T I         T B;   
1997 W     T C   R  F;  
1998 A 15    S, L ;    
1998 A 30  F     N Y; L  I  
1998 F  N,     A R, 
1998 K A  C T .
1998 L A   K  L; F 20-M 20  A 
1998 M A N C  H B -     
1998 N 2-15,   S C   D., MLA C., 
1998 P  P   T C   R,  I  
1999 A      . I       5  
1999 A   I  A --    2 
1999 A  --, N-T U, 
1999 C I       ,    
1999 I    2  --  A; I   
2000 I  A 'S' C -        
2000 I'   A     N- 
2000 M 19       . T   
2001 A  I  J 14,  J 14. T    
2001 W   M; I'     F I 
2002 D            
2002 D   ,   , I       
2002 I        E T C 
2003 B       1990,   . S 
2003 P? D  '-'     (?)  
2004 I           . I' 
2004 L  I     F C   U 
2004 S  T W; S     K W. T 
2004 T     K W, T W    
2004 VEL    B  --. T    
2005     G'  ! O   
2005    '   . I' . N  
2005 I     FM  T S. I  B 
2005 I    K A    J L B 
2005 I  T B   ;      
2005 I O, J  E L ;     , 
2005 R  S A, G C A C,   . T 
2005 T    ,  -,  . I ' 
2006 /    FM  I'    ; 
2006 A  I         .
2006 B     S L,  Y,     
2006 B S  ;        
2006 F    I    . I '   
2006 F, A,  I  C/T  G,    
2006 I            - 
2006 P          ,  T 
2006 R: E  -      ...
2006 S   T 16 G  S M,  L 
2006 S B          ; 
2006 S L C      W J     10,000 
2006 T P      -      
2006 W      F      
2006 W     G  , I. A 
2006 W  A' , I   ,    B,  
2006 W  F     G ; A   
2006 W'  $84,000    A'  . I'  
2007 'B'  ''     ,  ;    
2007 : T , , , -, , , 
2007 B      ,  ,   ,  
2007 I'    -     L A, C 
2007 T       . I    . 
2007 T    L T'     
2007 T . I '    7 ..     
2007, I   ,   ; I ' 
81-92-633-6048
;   15    ,     
A ,    ,     3000  
B I   . N    12:20    .
C . M 8,   . H    - 
D;    I  (1997),    ,   ... I 
E,  S  F 2000. T   - 
F, 74 ,       -  
G ,   , . I    31    
I   . W ? I    2006 I    
I  $2000-$3000   . O  ,     
I )  P,  ;  (2007)  
I . A , 2006,   I , . W  ,   
N  2007, ' ,    :      
O  1999-2000 , I       ; 
T  , 2006, I         
T U,   S T. 2  --. I 
T. C /,   12   /, 
years of living dangerously



remembrance of things past

http://www.asondheim.org/maudliardon.mov

if i could write the proper theoretical accompaniment here, i would do so; 
that i can't, literally goes without saying. it's too much; my chaotic 
life allows at best fleeting glimpses into the grounding of the dream in 
the real, the real in the dream - wait a minute, since there's neither, 
since whatever analysis one might (dreamily) apply, as in a dream, takes 
time beyond sleep, the dream screen-work inscribed, which takes place, as 
in a dream, the real, which is the real. here avatar, who i dare not name, 
to whom i dare not give a name, turns her, yes her, uncanny eye, movement, 
muscle memory, towards that dancer of the dream, maud liardon, who has now 
retreated back into the dream, the dream of maud liardon, as enacted by 
this avatar, now my friend, my being, my dream, my very being, this avatar 
who shall remain nameless, who refuses to name me, who has come forward to



knots 

constellations of theoretical work


body

disinvestment refusal/deluge
postmodern modern
coupling disassemblage
asymptotic
negations shefferdual
creativity borderregions
materiality
slanders hieroglyphic binding leakage
misrecognition emptied bases collapse superstructures excess
clutter debris applies farther ourselves body bodies hieroglyph
intentionality mediated intended
hold carry cultural skein linking loosely tethered
demarcation substance emergent
disinvested participates abject
5 interpenetrate
ontologies fractally coalesce
chains consequences adheres coheres
overcoded undercoded destabilized
selfreflexivity contradiction leave st stuttering stumbling wobbling

virtual

demarcation substance emergent
disinvested participates abject
5 interpenetrate
ontologies fractally coalesce
chains consequences adheres coheres
overcoded undercoded destabilized
selfreflexivity contradiction leave st stuttering stumbling wobbling
jostling shuddering sputtering
recuperated
emission spew replace virtual
enters rel 6 assemblages inscriptive doubles epistemologies
guise freedom
transform vector flow turbulence
erotics puncture delirium liquidity
positivity {x x}
core masochistic assemblage context narratology
unaccountable unaccountedfor
topology stains stained regimes
inbetween paths plasmas

avatar

pretensions philosophical scientific strip touches insists fragility
embraces swallowed holocaust detritus
covers repeatedly
denudation artifice deployment ornament suture wound
hypothesis hypothetical proffering inscribes deconstructing walls
surrounding torah
hedges furiously allow final flourish
penetrates inversion dyad positives negatives
ecstatic aesthetic
presses breaks construing breakage irruption virtualities avatars
fleshheart strangulation
stylistic
extremes
explores epistemologically uttermost vicinity
desperate exigencies shocktactics
annihilationcreation degeneration generators
emphasizes indeterminate locating outpost runs wavelengths
universespanning reporting inhales informationannihilation
beingannihilation inflates meager hopes survival centered dissipated

abject

geniferhingedirongenifer genniferrous tiny candle burns egyptians
japanese burning four days
yahrzeit yeartime crack impression death glimmer
starrystarry skies inconceivable am sorry joking honestly
remembered sides grid almostalive imperfection
sum text
axioms axiologies dispersed fissuring age unage
links couplings constitute constituted desire mouths ears identical
include annihilation armature belief imaginary plasma
defuge enumeration coupled abjection foreclosure
abacus channeling gating included
signifer totalization
notself
nearly decomposable hierarchies decompose holarchies limit
link contiguity transforms investment characteristic phenomena
terminology forecloses annihilates
science ideological nonideological
mirror stage coagulation
equivalences identities

analog / digital

commands materials static
articulation constant self revision time moves foregrounded crashes
destroyed
garbage subtle husserlian timeconsciousness formal linear
parallel non clocked variable meeting still disappearance promulga
occurs levels dna input/output material
blind dna/rna tacit knowledge polyani resolves plays
role screwdriver enough disappears hand interaction screw too
universal subtext capital corre
late functioning aphoristic analog digital 'digital' mean 'discrete'
'systemic'
characterized systematization parameterization
continuous broken
everyday life intervention
unless 'ikonic' leaves something setting standard raster quantity almost
steps
'screening' bandwidth
quantifying those sorts fabric categories
standardized transmitted received coherent channels receiver

inert

performs asymptote
runway saved loomed overhead nighttime snapped picture quickly vw
metaorder synchronic meta/space replete/time
illuminated
planets darkness uncharted unavailable sentience
wellordered huntington's tremulous reception stars
requiring record
opposite online packetprotocol
shipped jpg tie software intellectual property corporate privacy
registers wires contacted primordial inert wavelength
bundle omnidirections creature ready interpretation
rosset's idiocy muteness fineness ceiling
recording/playback bypassed extrapolation trusting outofpacket differend
literally
circumlocuted
unknown bear bearable text/image/audio/whatever exhausts exhausted
semiosis perceiver 'out narcissism looping machine cosmological merged
observe externality internality brass spheres
wimhurst generator crystal detector audion triode filament glow

empty

distributes preexisting distributed collection ones zeros pluses
minuses modification "imminent access" byte smallest accessible
alterable
alteration fileinthelarge nonarticulated
"nonarticulated filtering" author subjectively freely choosing
parameters nouns authorial intent "articulated mathematization chosen
entirety algorithm refer sonnet replacing vowels
consonants
"articulation" photoshop color "nonarticulation" refers "just
writing" "filtering" emphasize blank sheet empty "sheet assertion" spilled
offline revisions added hacked duplicated downloaded
permission
replaced corrupted copyrights enforced ignored
utilize reading/perceiving etiquette duplication sometime hacking cracking
payment nonpayment
downloading formlessness
incorporating actively passively augmenting corroding depending
"active augmentation corrosion" reader/viewer timehorizon automatic
generation interactive builtin instabilities changing

sex

[19][19]
flower
eternity one's dream continuation tongue snow
stone hardened writing memory short he criterion
control rest compulsive horizon inhabits worn who "history baal eternity"
thick
cloned imploded reduced hard
piling implosion okukin i'll thank shaperiding horses night day
devours spirit riding webs we're i'd mussels
mangroved rock wear rescued selfinscribed sexuality
desire's submitted love appertain purpose suggest lose
wings keep flying im wave blue windsor ontario {{riff g f written &
conceivable tablet slip triggered things melted "i'd roamed free
were together flowers"outline new talk
historicsynchronic/asynchronicdeclarative/performativesafe
rough
spotsinterpenetrations
addictions
net articulationsbroken

language

possibly misrepresentations true gardenfors' complex begun found
concept use planes yet understand
neglected necessary detailed typology taking temporality account
various ways cannot see proceed deep
reading 'theory codes' major section develops sign
production
quite useful references barthes' s/z although constantly find his
poeticizing beautiful early symbol formation
organismicdevelopmental approach
language werner kaplan wiley 1963
finally clear best sketch discursive field complete
intensifications representing
similar looselystructured wittgensteinian family
usages 'game' strategy wager theoretical much
viewpoints nothing hope future usefulness politics
aesthetics emerge danger 'codework' style uneasy
underpinnings me interesting aspects eventually disappear
absorbed back genre postmodernity state renewal whether 'type'
'concept' remains interpreta

god

contract binds
defines imminent immanent exchangevalue distanced
replaces presumed contamination presumption false
healing suturing impossible feral erasure
throw away scaffold releases
"wovon man nicht sprechen kann darueber muss schweigen" wittgen
stein perfect beauty
sondheim's home perfectly beautful 0
 jennifer slight flaw factflaw slightest offset
godsdesired isotropic anisotropic symmetry's
remember 1
once principles esablished greeks waseasy fell wasn't later
until syntesis
uncanny appearance realm perfection look lovely unfoldings undraped sky 2
cracks marble scanlines emptiness loss neuraesthetics neuraesthenia 3
you huddle huddling psychopomp swollen enormous
miniscule palimpsest indelible formulas eternal
accountedfor trembling fragile fallingapart people donewithit
fear

word

croatia bulgaria loud shortwave d'eau veins skateboarding 130
swirl finger matchstick explode 14 monthly review august 1759"
john yeomans' abecedarian philofophic comment englifh
abfurdities prefent cuftom superfluity learnings modeft
propofals reformation adapting fpecial purpofe practicable render
distinft uniform univerfal alfo fhewing indignity habits
lecturers beauties excellency graceful likewife syllableium
table beginners ufe schools kingdom
difcourfe atau tetragrammatical
preceding thofe "words interpret grinding chafeing
ftriking outer ear breat fpirit felf
everlafting dreadunited exprefs
difpofition inked graven
fign deftruction banners avocate fummon itfelf ftolen
ftrayed regulate fenfes wifdom holinefs devil fhadows herewith blefs
therewith curfe fimilitude &c mortal
ftate immortal fhall felfquicken
felfmove felfcomfort pleasant fweetest lovechord
tafting fufeit ambrofia delicious sufceptible inbred divinity!

death

aesthetics emerge danger 'codework' style uneasy
underpinnings me interesting aspects eventually disappear
absorbed back genre postmodernity state renewal whether 'type'
'concept' remains interpreta
actions 'reading' beings wittgenstein's 'silence' end tractatus
code's
success failure foundation
ii confusion
aptly named us goals paramount exist wends
momentary stasis occasional completion traditional 'death author'
opensource never
ending markov chain determined came before
move cancel input remote disparate objective
command subroutine routine module focus athand encoded object
operation transformable inhered
encoder spoken output lost transmission fled thereby lies distinction
among con/structures con/structions selfdevouring
residue
symptom expressivity disease struggle appears inauthentic

code

better are most violent should know destroying everything path crawling
towards armageddon
animals plants narrows open wide poisoned
minds worlds shit dig earth with teeth
iron slash flesh eyes stomachs animal fun
how else shall made alone feel survive momentarily longer that fine
faster go beginning perhaps waiting just around corner they're already
dying
lateness hour bad joke
on code codework
consider welldefined entity x its complement then x^x = n
null set second y y^y think nx ny relativized three
separable entities
z take pairs xy yz zx these symmetrical yx zy xz let
ab stand a^b equivalent divide planar region into regions bordering each
other x@y
represent line equidistant y@z z@x
meet single point plain grouped triads triad meets points forth
branches



Last Google Poem Ever


NET SENSE. Will Google ever get into music? Commentary: Google Tunes, why 
not?  By Bambi Francisco, MarketWatch. Last Update:   :   AM ET Aug   , 
     ...     -A  E- A    F F  B% D&siteid=mktw   k true NET SENSE. Will 
Google ever get into music? Commentary: Google Tunes, why not?  By Bambi 
Francisco, MarketWatch. Last Update:   :   AM ET Aug   ,      ... 
   C-B  A- CFA D E B C% D&source=blq% Fyhoo&dist=yhoo&siteid=yhoo   k true 
shares last traded below $    on Dec.  . The technology-heavy Nasdaq 
Composite Index .Google shares off  . %, largest-ever percentage drop - 
MarketWatch Google ever build another billion dollar business? .... Late 
last year, Google conducted its first trial by purchasing and reselling ad 
space in a ... remember the time when I switched from AltaVista to Google, 
because AltaVista started to have a Last Pixels for Million Dollar 
Homepage on Ebay ... High-minded as that sounds, Googles ever-expanding 
agenda has put it on a of Microsofts key operating system engineers 
defected to Google last year, ...    k true I was really curious, in part 
because Id consented to try Agile last .. By the way, does Google ever bin 
a project? even some effort have been put on it ... 
google-buys-doubleclick-for-  b-cash/   k true Should Google ever stop 
Growing ?- Google buys DoubleClick for $ . B CASH double the $ .   billion 
in stock that Google paid for YouTube late last year. ... d- -of-    k 
true The Last SEO List Post Youll Ever Need To Read (  of  ). Posted by 
David Chase on Wed ( /  /  ) at   :   AM Google. This entry was written by 
one of our ... toolbar: Now more evil than ever February   ,      If you 
do any testing, you should know that the last digit of all ISBNs is a 
check digit last Google ever




Writing in Minimal Fare


Writing in Pico in the linux or unix shell strips away excess; what 
remains is inner speech, a dialog of thought unencumbered by design. It's 
difficult to work within boxes, colors, menu systems, corporate or other 
headings. Here I think through the movement of concepts, ideas, emotions; 
there, I founder on the barriers of software design. True enough, Pico 
itself is design, but the design minimal; what is visible is primarily a 
window of unadorned text, processed by a minimal number of commands. There 
are no distracting images, no sounds or other annoyances (the arrival of 
new mail, instant messaging, banner ads). It's as if writing has returned 
to its source in the body and stele or table, and lost in eternity, stone 
hardened writing should tend only towards existence. the self-inscribed 
desire sexuality desire's written for & conceivable tablet, there are 
others that Reading _on_ virtual-real bodyonly to disappear, write 
background. media change from text To modernism is voiceless voice. voice 
an enunciation. Whatever I write, apt word. Or it must appear contrived as 
a collusion between reader writer. And beautifully full surprises. Here am 
writing, searching perfect form. writing-tools drag my body, parallel 
lines shit, blood, smeared across soaked, written, erased. - consider next 
smearing your those formal elements (which may include time extinct or 
corralled." Note "twenty-one eighteen" almost never If this poem you, 
literal? places. speak longer means tonight maybe was last night 
dislocation jaw E, have create series download, since desktop 
writing-desk, Sartre Grounded dictionary, what might, how you might bin 
epitaphs. Nikuko's holarchy teleologies halfgroupoid valium rills untoward 
epitaphic waters cannot mind, tsunami stimuli, transmuted Our theoretical 
work if somehow matters, says The machine them this. these, every plural. 
mechanical sensitized skin large. _Not_ cyborg but embedding What REWRITE? 
often said: myself into out ONLINE? See early Internet Text, report," 
games clearly phenomenology writ large, husserl's about online writing? An 
impossibility, inconceivable territory. New codework hypertext blog MOO 
all forms problematized, liminal, subject By "liminal," mean such writings 
first mediated, by form articulated non-articulated "non-articulated 
filtering" actual course more traditional process authorial i.e. with 
filtering well refer sonnet writing." So why both "filtering"? Because, 
here, want Codework which problematizes formlessness same, built-in 
instabilities reading (language changing issues arise always present, 
whatever / video Online characterized files; files vehicle, In other 
words, on also work, offline new media, net art, wryting, "in general." 
Taxonomies, manifestos, defining moments, canons, canonic masterpieces, 
restrictive. writers animated languages changing, fonts Wryting? Again, 
questions forever, Groups examples. Some newsgroups had brilliant 
pornographic groups, philosophy groups... Most nettime, webartery Poetics 
present any number major issue, unless list disseminates (etc. etc. again) 
collaborative; programmers textual who dialogs online. Renga popular 
regard; poets short-work back forth. pieces, mostly poetry, Perl 
programming language writers, artists, musicians, gamers, bloggers, so 
"electronic writing" Thus can placed within multi-dimensional ted message 
command trying itself variable). i existence collapses substance red dust 
return same. world burning, our [PROEM:] COLLAPSE hard when country we now 
This missive, having once been already destined /dev/null, again, 
reinforcing direction original, ! came down would ' qt "type at ... not 
I'm much better "not Wait, "at" something thinking? Excuse me, cold; 
clothes (heh misprint) wrything writhing her moments surprising one wants 
anything these days. given metaphor, reading/writing, wouldn't. even shot 
obviouslly 'bathtub area' ruins. i'd some os many things migth say myself. 
unutterable horror continue texts no sleep well; survive _this_ accident 
wills so. create, fast do, because usually do unreading, Dance reads 
writes input/output, perhaps infinitely words themselves sound unknown 
little intermission... day mind history history, fear it; way lies madness 
nothing riding form, it's shape-riding, enough future works, badly! Last 
dreamed chalk-white body-flesh built YOU stretch work. under influence 
absinthe. vestibule. upon empyrean. Sublime, symbol, well. safe here blog. 
window, apparent Perhaps P: drive itself. +P: drive, saw images large 
designating particular production named nor without, neither apparatus 
without. Mathema- Badiou), wrote farming-out; perception temporality, 
concretely: such-and-such tendency. sex, sexuality, love, deconstructs. 
Retreat. (I emphasize shame written-tawdry, embarrassment presence. Let 
produce tread visible, indiscretions; appearance textuality, such, thetic, 
mute, flattened. One speaks, writes, has Belief. Consider world; rewriting 
worlding; presence, writing. writing; being-online; procurement 
description Why things? Alan won't me him me! told I'd recorded sound/* * 
ashamed cried "Nothing remained, war." When did words? practice either. 
isn't practice. I'll later on. add borrowed-Zen. don't know Zen, 
historical, hysterical, corrected, rewrite < > _continuous rewrite_ 
uncanny rewrite, ascii unconscious other's programs descriptions. wizard 
short-hand rewrites erased, untethered real. reread after numerous 
rewrites. errors accrue fabric, indexical embodiment, forth developed;  
description, anyone's objects take hir own, even, immersed lag, hysterical 
_book_ continuous open up space inside _rewrite_ become provenance, assert 
up, rewrite. mixed, scent. weight tinuous) _rewrite,_ re-presencing 
self/avatar obsessive-com- map_rewrite(@), av = (nullv) map_rewrite => @ 
rewrite: ruleset 3 input: sondheim 0 returns: $# local $: jennifer vages . 
lure_net org 98 96 97 travis theory hashish 90 95 smtp $@ aural register 
process_ (what call self rewrite; were avatars tiffany, resist knowledge; 
burrow structures, winperl program, it, substituting ing program 
artifacts. undergoes of. resonates, connects emanants.] perfectly clean, 
symmetry lure. [eternal obsessive- doctor goodbye (rewrite) compulsive 
gnaws real, psychotic inscribes through- producing encoding zeros ones, 
_rewrite-body_ absorbed "virtual subject" rewrites, continually, himself 
herself. existed lived naked net. body. replaces transcendent ego ideal 
inscribe protocol, begin unlike lautreamont, existence; net; only, 
necessarily chain mail violence mail: cause woman help gotta get born 
user, _uncanny_ face death. abject: place general failure inscription lose 
winds, itself, mimicking myself, presence deferral _rewrite._ codework, 
like _wryting,_ tue feb est moon waxing crescent ( % full) k p connected 
panix .panix.com. escapecharacter '^]'. netbsd/i (panix .panix.com) 
(ttyrt) login password pool- copyright (c) , netbsd foundation, inc. 
rights reserved. lisp nk tf-lib looply.pl note tiny.world news unknowing 
reverie cloudy-skies __ exit connection closed principles remain necessity 
things, screen her. me. consciousness among speaks writhe wryte internal 
electromagnetisms will myself... nonexistence... dream aloud... motion, 
bytes, nonetheless absence text, rather generates speaking, gesture. where 
material-mode spoke, speak, divide, path deride, night, write." Ghost 
says, "writing talking erasures.." world. Every reading; interior 
harvesting, harvested, disenchanted. Measure tally measure; brought 
accountancy, carried social, inhabitation construct case, bet predates 
language, least two contingent contiguous origin. From did. (Think 
proto-language). _sign,_ off "I think 'more' than necessary explain 
example) past originary. plays subsequent close to, hairlessness, 
increased, became culturally instutionalized, familiarity. Then, this, 
parts does signify expresses just rock saying streamside gods created 
readings, writings, bodies, slaves, corpses, Ninth, labor delineating, 
single-handedly, word received, without suffrages classical reputation he 
wanted read he'd could fuck he's dying remembering she's sidewalk o 
unworthy eats ground chalk 'Mother lick dear child, swallow chalk, skull 
she Already that, man, Does bother man Yes bothers me; creature, guise 
creature? Nothing happened; coward, poorly contention You mentioned Are 
sure swords make avatar angry. Azure writhes pain. moves Sign mute; sign 
signifying [[ sed 's/writing/real/g' real dances around dance; real; 
's/dance/X/g' Xs X; analog digital 's/real/written/g' | my, angry! azure 
house. now, chance survival. vowed sentence sentence. poem. idea idea. 
video. necessarily). Feynman alias question raster quickly possible before 
die. For example, concept wonderful books Roberto Harrison's listen 
cultural-political they're power. All unaccustomed space. lonely place, 
stake. organs dumb children organs. forsaken places, ruined Ruins texts. 
politics sex sexual forgiven. learn go again. Sondheim: remember used 
void, owever, metrical stuff, wondering simply being covers pocalypse, 
though book re-writes schemes, true ertainly succeeds aim f ou ame: ment 
harboring. table- Sometimes line, single several barriers, dance writer, 
sometimes appears (for infinity) I(20) distinct I(10). able. again kept 
historic; writer ourselves world: bringing pre/history end; elsewhere I've 
'uncanny' avoid life. People paint. people flat uploading breathing 
downloading end (Ontology rewrite.) blank: broken writing-pad, magic 
slate, inviolate sheet assertion, concepts fluster out, jumble. different; 
they organize themselves, shepherd. My thinking wears uselessly. letter 
email, speaking. style, emotions, saying. stupid. Only _thus,_ satisfied. 
connect; thought order be. speaking becoming, ontology seeps through Death 
inhabits draw distinction; written. It comes situation somewhere else. 
cleverness sounds false note. indicates track, There laughter letters They 
undermine it. clever enough, intelli- gent enough. respond. sinks, 
sinking. props undermines community honesty. But subterfuge, subterfuge. 
pointless. chiseled simulacrum everything stake ignores ing. absent 
boundary, bordering, fact. central, peripheral; peripheral. utmost care. 
fragility worlds falter gate. characters 'cylinder,' 'node,' 'avatar,' 
proper accompaniment so.






Stem

"I think this deserves another look. I think this deserves a look-see." 
http://www.asondheim.org/stem.mp4 she said. She wandered around the space, 
as Ballard said, like a mad madonna; she left trails of skin, kindred 
tissue, organelles. Ballard added that one might construct a bridge of DNA 
although for what purpose it was hard to say; raveled strands rarely ad- 
hered in plank- or vector-formation. But the primitives stretched between
nodes, positions, states, syzygies; it took all that computation, they 
said, to make a stem. The lingam in the Siva Purana; no one could measure 
it, get to the bottom of it, just as no one could get to the bottom of 
this avatar riding herself or the invisibility of the world. She said she 
saw nothing. She said she felt it just the same.


Seven Pieces of Resurrection


The following works are produced from materials 2006-2007; they include 
dancework/choreography (Maud Liardon, Foofwa d'Imobilite), dance 
description (Gerald Jones, a kind of memorial), a modified harmonica solo 
(Alan Sondheim), and a story worth seeing, "Long Long Run." I usually 
don't work at this speed or present so much material at once, but these 
pieces are all of interest. If you have limited time, I'd look at Long 
Long Run, Frenzy, and Blues and Blues. And all for Gerald in Memoriam.

Long Long Run: Foofwa d'Imobilite, video, Alps, 2006
(with Alan Sondheim, Azure Carter, Maud Liardon in the car), 
Soundtrack and story: Alan Sondheim:
http://www.asondheim.org/thelonglongrun.mp4

Dance and Choreography: Foofwa d'Imobilite
Video: Foofwa d'Imobilite
Sound: Alan Sondheim (Sandy Baldwin's voice in the background)
Geneva rehearsal 2006:
Post-production: Sondheim, 2007
http://www.asondheim.org/frenzy.mp4

Gerald Jones on "dance is, part of a series. This was taped five
months before he died, and after chemo, in Brooklyn, NY, 11/2006:
http://www.asondheim.org/geraldjonesdanceis.mp4

Two avatar rehearsal, Foofwa d'Imobilite and Maud Liardon:
Choreography: Foofwa d'Imobilite from avatar mocap material (Sondheim) 
Video: Foofwa d'Imobilite, Geneva 2006
Post-Production, Alan Sondheim,2007
http://www.asondheim.org/avatarrehearsalmaterial.mp4

Solo harmonica modified by automatic voice control:
Alan Sondheim, Brooklyn, 2007:
http://www.asondheim.org/abridged.wav

Rehearsal: Foofwa d'Imobilite, Maud Liardon, Geneva, 2006
Video: Foofwa d'Imobilite
Post-production: Alan Sondheim:
http://www.asondheim.org/bluesandblues.mov

Folk-dance in Nyon with Roman columns, 2006
Dancers: Foofwa d'Imobilite, Maud Liardon
Video and post-production: Alan Sondheim:
http://www.asondheim.org/follk.mp4



quad maud

choreography and video: Foofwa d'Imobilite
dance: Maud Liardon
post-production: Alan Sondheim
http://www.asondheim.org/quad.mp4
so that the gestures are regimented (but not really)
and maud becomes a quarter (but not really)
and facial expression disappears (but not really)
and choreography becomes indexical (but not really)
and stance becomes symbolic (but not really)
and maud disappears into history (but not really)
and aletsch glacier melts into oblivion (but not really)
and beauty becomes evanescent (but not really)
and alan and foofwa get depressed (but not really)
and alan runs down the mountain (but not really)
and foofwa falls down the mountain (but not really)
and maud becomes spaltung to shifter (but not really)
and maud becomes ikonic for our time (but not really)
but not really foofwa ascends the sublime
but not really alan fumbles and drops the pure idea




   the trip
   
   http://www.asondheim.org/thetrip.mpg

   plans, photos, and journals for popular trips to Fenelon Place
   Elevator!  - Trip Planner - Travel.
   plans, photos, and journals for popular trips to Time
   Elevator! - Trip  Planner - Travel.
   Technology News, Trip to Penthouse Floor in Space
   Elevator would be  22300 Miles.
   Technology News, Trip to Penthouse Floor in Space
   Elevator would be  22300 Miles.
   elevator control operates according to an energy management
   process which  determines the energy required for the forthcoming
   trip based on available ...
   Elevator call system embodiments also transmit the desired
   destination for the  passengers next elevator trip. The
   destination and/or token may be preset ...
   call system embodiments also transmit the desired destination for the
    passengers next elevator trip. The destination and/or
   token may be preset ...
   time elapsing between the initial call input and the arrival at the
    destination floor is too long when during an elevator trip
   the passenger has ...
   todays energy costs, researchers figured a 12000-kg Space Shuttle
   payload  would cost no more than $17700 for an elevator trip
   usually your fellow passengers who ruin an otherwise perfect
   elevator trip;  the cell phone yapper, the button pusher,
   the non-button pusher, elevator trip 

   -



Raster

I graph various forms of the equation y = tan(x^2); interesting phenomena 
appear. Check out the .gif images at http://www.asondheim.org/ - the names 
are equation00.gif, equation01.gif, etc. The graphs extend along the 
x-axis with what appear to be constantly changing local symmetries. I have 
experimented with different software/hardware, beginning with a TI-85 
graphing calculator and a highly precision similar software program, 
GraphCalc (obtained from Sourceforge). I've also used the graphing calcu- 
lator and Mathematica in Mac OS9. Only in the last, Mathematica, did the 
symmetries seem to disappear. I think the phenomena - the perception of 
local symmetries - is the result of raster, i.e. the digitalization pro- 
cess in the calculation of what are basically analogic functions. Raster 
is tolerance-dependent; it's the digital 'jump' screened against the real.
The symmetries appear to be, masquerade as, independent 'things,' dif- 
ferent from one another, lined up and sometimes intersecting in a chaotic 
fashion. In other words, the appearance of things is constituted here by 
the very absence of things; within the digital raster, every point, pixel, 
is independent, disconnected, from every other. 

Ah well, it's late and I'm not expressing myself well. I'll try again: 
Given y = tan(x^2), the resulting graph on a digital computer seems to be 
raster-dependent; the image appears to possess local and intersecting 
symmetrical segments which seem chaotic. These segments can be considered 
'things' in the sense of perceptually-defined contour-mapping. (In other 
words, they appear to be things, local processes, local phenomena, whether 
or not they are in 'actuality,' within the real.) Using a bad metaphor, 
such 'things' are clearly gestalt images of disconnected pixels - i.e. a 
line in the graph which appears connected, isn't. When sections of the 
graph are enlarged, their morphology may radically transform. So what I'm 
interested in is the digital representation of this particular group of 
analogic functions, and the mathematics behind it. Is the representation 
really chaotic? Are the symmetries really geometrically different from one 
another, and if so, what's the mathematics behind this? And so forth. Any 
help you might give me s greatly appreciated. In the meantime, the images 
are beautiful. Check out the gifs and jpegs at http://www.asondheim.org/ - 
look at the 'equation' files.



Alp

  I live not in myself, but I become
  Portion of that around me; and to me
  High mountains are a feeling, but the hum
  Of human cities torture: I can see
  Nothing to loathe in nature, save to be
  A link reluctant in a fleshy chain,
  Chased among creatures, when the soul can flee,
  And with the sky, the peak, the heaving plain
Of ocean, or the stars, mingle, and not in vain.

[...] http://www.asondheim.org/motheralp.mp4 [...]

  But let me quit man's works, again to read
  His Maker's, spread around me, and suspend
  This page, which from my reveries I feed,
  Until it seems prolonging without end;
  The clouds above me to the white Alps tend,
  And I must pierce them, and survey whate'er
  May be permitted, as my steps I bend
  To their most great and growing region, where
The earth to her embrace compels the powers of air.

(Byron, Childe Harold)



Neurosis [taps head]

I'm as sick of these avatars as you are. This one has 37 actions which 
pile on each other like an avalanche. This one has a roving veering 
camera. This one has that one. I need to work on other models. This one 
has new skin. I need to take it elsewhere. This one's lost its objects. 
This one goes round and round. I spoke to Foofwa. He needs live audience 
for dance/performance work. I need live audience but I need equipment. I 
sit here in this damn hot NYC space and can't think of a thing to do. 
There's great mocap stuff at Columbia in Chicago. I'd love to use it. 
[taps head] Anyone have contacts/context? I saw it. I think there were 
twelve cameras. I saw the connections. I could rewire. I could make 
something fabulous. I could make something new. Something unbelievable. I 
could expand the vocabulary of the human body, abjection, interiority, 
performance. You're sick of hearing me complain. I could expand the 
vocabulary of sickness. I could expand the vocabulary of complaint. It's 
all in here [taps head]. There's nothing without equipment. Without 
support. Without a life-net. We're all waiting to hear our future. There's 
a great cave at Brown. Give me access to that cave and support me. I'll 
produce like you won't believe. In the meantime I sit here in 85 degree 
computer slowup weather and write stuff like this and make stuff like 
this:

http://www.asondheim.org/neurosis.mp4
Give me that mathematician and show me the anatomy of this:
http://www.asondheim.org/calc.mov
It's in here. [taps head]


Books I like and some hardware/software as well (not much)


I'm behind in my reviews; the last few months have been a mess. I may be 
missing some books. I may have misplaced. others. I hunger for reading, 
but it's all transparent, pathetic, collapsed. There's nothing to say 
about reading that hasn't been said before. Humans compress history's 
repetition until the world's squeezed out. If I'm missing a book in what 
follows, forgive me; the oversight wasn't deliberate, just an effect of 
physiology. The following books are in no particular order; for the most 
part, they're books that have been more than useful, have been inspira- 
tional, works I've returned to at times. I'm including some miscellaneous 
reviews of software/hardware as well. (First off, apologies for the poor 
style below; it's hard for me to convey sustained excitement, but such 
underlies most of what follows.)

Buddhist Dictionary, Manual of Buddhist Terms and Doctrines, Nyanatiloka, 
Buddhist Publication Society, Sri Lanka. This is an amazing and often 
technical work, documenting the terms of the Pali Canon and beyond; it has 
information I literally haven't found elsewhere. The Pali vocabulary is 
extensive, often highly structured conceptually, and this has proved, not 
only to be an invaluable guide, but also an interesting read in itself.

I am a Cat (three volumes), Soseki Natsume, translated Aiko Ito and Graeme 
Wilson. The original Japanese work appeared in the first decade of the 
20th century; it's an amazing rumination on everything by a cat. The work 
is reminiscent of Sterne and I found myself enveloped in it (in a manner 
similar to reading something like The Journey to the West); it says a 
great deal about Japanese modernization and city life, and is beautifully 
written. It's not an 'animal' story in any sense of the term. The work's 
available from Tuttle. (Alexanne Don introduced me to this years ago.)

Murray's Hand-Book, India, Burma, and Ceylon, 1898. The world's population 
around the time of the French Revolution was twenty-million (according to 
Mike Davis, Planet of Slums - required reading). This is another travel- 
er's guide, along the lines of the Baedeker's, and is incredibly illumina- 
ting in terms of British/colonial attitudes towards the 'Far East' at the 
end of the 19th century. It also provides descriptions of places long 
since transformed by modernization and war. I've been collecting travel 
guides from 1850-1940 for a while now; they're fairly inexpensive, and one 
can learn so much by reading, say, the Baedeker on Weimar Berlin. (I used 
a Baedeker on Switzerland, late 19th-century, when we were working in the 
Alps - the differences in glaciers and routes were of great interest.)

Body Voyage, A Three-Dimensional Tour of a Real Human Body, Alexander 
Tsiaras, Time-Warner, 1997. Remember the Visible Human Project? This is a 
pictorial overview of the body slices that appeared at the time in another 
Time-Warner publication, a cdrom with 'flights' through the body. Both 
were and are, even in the current climate of war and plastination, wonder- 
ful; they've led to my rethinking avatar phenomenology. Unlike the plas- 
tination approach, these images are grounded in the real, but entrenched 
in the virtual; they relate to the continuous problematic/aporia of 
online/offline life. Check this out if you can.

Japan's Sex Trade, A Journey Through Japan's Erotic Subcultures, Peter 
Constantine, Yenbooks, 1993. The title says it all; this is an excellent 
and detailed history/description of sex clubs, practices, economies, and 
so forth, centered in Tokyo. Think of avatar behavior and imaginary 
contact, think of contact with the imaginary; this book is useful.

The Book Before Printing, Ancient, Medieval, and Oriental, David Diringer, 
Dover reprint from 1953 original. I think this might be valuable to anyone 
thinking through online literature; we tend to take the book and it's 
overall topography for granted, but this is a bit ethno-centric. This work 
presents a wide range of writing and reading technologies; it's a bit 
dated at times in its attitude, but somewhere in it a thesis lurks on 
hypertext and the Net.

Competing with the Sylph, The Quest for the Perfect Dance Body, L.M. 
Vincent, M.D., Dance Horizons, 1989. Because I work with dancers, who are 
already partaking of the imaginary, I've been interested in dancers' 
bodies, disorders, and so forth. I deal with this issues, and this book, 
however rambling and strange, is one of the better accounts of at least 
some of the issues. Read the book, build an avatar, dream of escaping 
Second Life: they're all related. Now the book is almost twenty-years old, 
admittedly; the material might be out of date.

New Media Art, Mark Tribe, Reena Jana, ed. Uta Grosenick, Taschen, 2006. 
Everything is new media art; there is no new media art; there are no new 
media; everything is new media, etc. etc. It comes down, I think to what 
one's interested in; I find manifestos and exclusionary politics detri- 
mental in an environment of over a billion communicators. That said, this, 
for me, has been one of the most interesting accounts of at least some 
online work; Carnivore, Young-Hae Chang Heavy Industries, Jodi, Natalie 
Jeremijenko, etc. are included. I'd get this one and then get as many 
others as possible and then stay online for hours on end, read the entire 
archives of nettime, install linux, check out all the websites you can; 
then you might get at least an image of new media, or maybe not, and you'd 
have to repeat the whole thing the following week anyway.

Film as a Subversive Art, Amos Vogel, Random House, 1974. Find this, buy 
this, read it. This is one of the most inspiring books on film, from 
experimental to counter-culture to, yes, subversive, ever. If you're 
making film, read this; if you're watching Turner Classic Movies late- 
night, read this. The book is heavy on the 60s, but does a good job on 
very early cinema as well - and it stresses those auteurs, etc. who turned 
film and culture upside-down. There's an image of Fred Baker's Events with 
the comment "The most dangerous image known to man (sic.) Though it por- 
trays the most universal, most fundamental, most desired human act, it 
must not be shown (either in its joining of bodies or coupling of organs), 
be it because sex is (still) considered sinful or because of an atavistic 
fear that the act will spring from the screen and invade the audience with 
its heavenly power. As long as this image is forbidden, its presentation 
will be a liberating act." There's a romanticism in this and the book as a 
whole for that matter, but its emphasis on the materiality of film and 
filmic representation is a great antidote to the smooth swallowing of 
current mass media.

Bharata, The Natyasastra, Kapila Vatsyayan, Sahitya Akademi, 1996, and Dr. 
Manomohan Ghosh's translation of the full Natyasastra by Bharata in two 
volumes, Calcutta, various editions. The first is somewhat of an explica- 
tion of the second, and invaluable in its analysis of the 'implicit and 
explicit text'; it also lists all the known mss. of the Natyasastra. The 
original may or may not have been written between 200 b.c.e. and 100 
a.c.e. or earlier. It is a compendium of Indian dramaturgical theory which 
includes poetry, song, drama, dance, art, theater construct, and music; it 
is perhaps the first phenomenological treatise of performance and its 
theory of rasa is still influential today. I've used the work in my own 
studies and writings on performance. I can't say enough good about it! One 
has to wade through endless listings, read between the lines and as many 
introductions as one can find, in order to understand the theory and its 
foundation. But such a reading provides an inexhaustible sourcebook for 
current art - particularly for understanding avatars and their positioning 
culturally and in relation to the body. You can find cheap editions on abe 
and other second-hand sources; order both volumes (as well as Vatsyayan's 
introduction) from India.

How to Play Tabla and Bongo-Congo with Pictures; and How to Play Flute, 
both by Vikas Aggarwal, Creative Publication, Delhi. These are excellent 
introductions to Indian music and tabla/flute technique (forget the bongo- 
congo (sic)!), although the English is so bad, and there are so many 
untranslated terms, that I've been literally driven crazy, trying to make 
heads or tails out of these. But if you have patience, look up the terms 
online, and so forth, these will prove quite useful. Order from India; 
when they're imported, the prices seem to rise unacceptably.

Avatars of Story, Marie-Laurie Ryan, Minnesota, 2006. I love this book, 
although my method of reading has been to bounce around in it. Everything 
from offline through Eliza and Olia Lialina is considered in terms of 
avatar and narrative; there's a useful typology of games and a discussion 
of narrative metalepsis, transgressive break of the 'narrative stack.' 
Codework and Memmott and Cayley are brought up in relation to this. I must 
admit I don't see Cayley's work as 'codework' but he's cited over and over 
again; I'd be a lot happier with Cramer or Baldwin or anyone else really 
working in the area (obviously I have a stake in this). If we don't get 
down to the abject heart of the semiotic, we'll never understand this 
area, if area it is. Ah well; do read the book; again, it expands the 
notion of avatar/s which seems to dominate these reviews.

The Barons' Wars, Mymphidia, and Other Poems, Michael Drayton, Routledge, 
1887. He's a contemporary and probably friend of Shakespeare. I've been 
reading his sonnets, which seem half towards Donne and half oddly post- 
modern and for that reason alone, they're really worth a look.

The Singing Life of Birds, The Art and Science of Listening to Birdsong, 
with CD, Donald Kroodsma, Houghton Mifflin, 2005. If anything this book 
indicates how deaf we really are; birdsongs are amazing, starlings sing 
recursively (previously thought a primary condition of human language), 
some species have upwards of 2400 different songs; there are regional 
dialects; some species sing instinctual patterns, most don't; and so 
forth. We're dealing with languaging here, not 'bird-brains' in any sense 
but the literal, of the word. This book not only has extended accounts of 
a number of species, but also a tight correlation with the cd; I began to 
understand what I was listening to. This is really highly recommended; we 
have to do everything we can to break down anthrospeciation (is that a 
word?) - and begin to understand, if not the consciousness, at least the 
cultural manifestations, of animals in general.

Letter to a King, A Peruvian Chief's Account of Life Under the Incas and 
Under Spanish Rule, Huaman Poma, translated by Christopher Dilke, Dutton, 
1978. I definitely want to draw your attention to this book, since I 
haven't heard of it (and should have). It not only complements the 
'classic' accounts of the conquest and its aftermath; it reads as new and 
vital material. If you're interested in this area of culture and history, 
find and read the book. Given the quality, I'm amazed it's been unknown 
(at least to me) for so long. Heavily illustrated by the original author.

Planet of Slums, Mike Davis, Verso, 2006. This book is critical; everyone 
should read it. Material on the future of the world; I saw this first-hand 
at work in Ciudad Juarez and now it's fifteen years later. This isn't 
virtual, but virtuality plays a role, Harry Potter as catalyst to accusa- 
tions of witchcraft in Zaire. Davis is known for theatrical, almost roman- 
ticized, accounts of Armageddon; the problem is they're true. The work is 
excellent as source-material, bibliography, as well.

The Alpbach Symposium 1968, Beyond Reductionism, New Perspectives in the 
Life Sciences, edited by Arthur Koestler and J.R. Smythies. There was a 
brief period when semiotics, holism, cybernetics, mini-computers, systems 
theory, Waddington's evolutionary theory, etc. came together in a wonder- 
ful synthesis. One doesn't hear Waddington's name anymore, and most 
syntheses have broken apart in the light of dark matter, Iraq, extinctions 
and global warmings. But this book and others like it serve as a reminder 
that there might be hope yet, that visions might still, on some level, 
cohere. This book has Koestler's Some General Properties of Self-Regulat- 
ing Open Hierarchic Order, which is well worth the read.

Overtime, Selected Poems, Philip Whalen, intro. by Leslie Scalapino, 
edited by Michael Rothenberg. My fault, but I never had a 'hold' on Whalen 
before, and this book (like the one following) is an absolutely wonderful 
and deep and wry collection; this is an important - perhaps _the_ impor- 
tant strain in American literature, giving as it does some knowledge of 
space and the wild in the very strain of the language. It's a book I can 
return to again and again (that sounds idiotic but it's true). I would 
recommend everyone get a copy of this as well as

The Gary Snyder Reader, 1952-1998. (See the above.) Not to mention the 
obvious connections w/Buddhism and perhaps a bit of Bon.

Semiotique, dictionnaire raisonne de la theorie du langage, A.J. Greimas 
and J. Courtes, Hachette, 1979. One can have fun with serious French 
dictionaries, and this one is inspiring; I hadn't heard of it before 
(which indicates my ignorance), but I've found it very very useful.

Mind-Seal of the Buddhas, Patriarch Ou-i, translated J.C. Cleary, Sutra 
Translation Committee. This book is distributed freely and the Sutra is 
beautiful, as is the description of the Pure Land. And I think I've 
mentioned before Thomas Cleary's translation of The Flower Ornament Sutra 
(referenced by the Mind-Seal), The Avatamsaka Sutra, the most beautiful 
Sutra I've ever read, and a masterpiece of world literature - it's also 
one of the longest Sutra around! (Are the Clearys related? The Clearies?)

Introduction to the Middle Way, Chandrakirtis Madhyamakavatara with 
Commentary by Jamgon Mipham, translated by the Padmakara Translation 
Group, Shambhala, 2002. I can't really review this, since I've been 
reading in it very inconsistently, but if you're interested in Buddhist 
philosophical discourse or the Madhyamika school, this book is perfect.

Devices of the Soul, Battling for Our Selves in an Age of Machines, Steve 
Talbott, O'Reilly, 2007. This is a collection of articles originally 
published in The Nature Institute's online newsletter, NetFuture (they've 
been revised for the book). I must note his comments on bird-feeders are 
off; he states that 'A feeder draws a dense, "unnatural" population of 
birds to a small area. This not only encourages the spread of disease, but 
also evokes behavioral patterns one might never see in a less artificial 
habitat.' In fact recent studies have shown feeders are not detrimental, 
that birds can go easily with or without them, but that they're convenient 
- and the animals don't become dependent. But then this might not be right 
either; in any case, he calls for a conversancy with the natural world 
that rings true. The book is written simply, which is wonderful; at first, 
I thought too much so - then I was irritated, now I love it. One has to 
approach machines with care, one has to deconstruct the rhetoric around 
them. This isn't a Luddite work at all; it's an interesting analysis in 
favor of a conversant humanism. He takes for example Rodney Brooks to task 
for his analysis of humans-as-machines. This book is a must for anyone 
working on the social-machine interface, from someone in the field. 
(Talbott wrote The Future Does not Computer and has been a software pro- 
grammar. He writes from the inside-out.)

Recorders: I generally use Sony Minidisk for my work, but recently I've 
been interested in different technologies. Here's an older one - the Sony 
Mic'n Micro M-100MC micro-cassette recorder 'For Lectures and Meetings' - 
and its fabulous for both. It has something called 'Clear Voice' built in; 
the result is not very high-quality sound, but an absolutely perfect way 
to record voice, which comes through loud and, yes, clear. The recorder 
can be placed anywhere - on a table in a coffee-shop for example, and does 
a good job taking out background noise, and focusing on speech. I almost 
bought one of these new a few weeks ago, but found the same for $3 at a 
garage sale. I also want to recommend the Olympus Digital Voice Recorder 
WS-300M; this is also an .mp3 and .wma player, but more importantly, it's 
solid-state, it's recording quality is quite good, and it can be plugged 
directly into a USB connection. I've been using it for film/video work 
since it also has a very delicate voice activation control which makes 03 
interesting effects.

Head, w/ The Monkees, 1968. Check out this film written by Jack Nicholson. 
Monkees deconstruct, implode. No plot, no beginning titles, pure celluloid 
roll. Sequences break down, Vietnam images ending with blonds. Monkees 
self-destruct. Play this against Apocalypse Now; they're not that dissimi- 
lar. I was never a Monkees fan, but neither is this film. It's astounding. 
Brilliant. Look for Victor Mature, Frank Zappa, Sony Liston, others.

GraphCalc - I was looking for a good scientific calculator to work with in 
WinXP, and I found this free one on Sourceforge. It's excellent, based 
somewhat I think on the TI graphing calculators, but with much more 
computing power, of course. I found a TI-85 at a garage sale recently for 
$2. It's much more useful than I thought it would be; not only does it 
program, but it has built-in functions like cosh and tanh, does parametric 
equations, polar coordinates, and has really good zooming capabilities. I 
started working with the equation y = sqrt(k - f(x)*tan(x^2)) on it (which 
is similar to just y = tan(x^2) in terms of the raster patterns it pro- 
duces. Highly recommended for fiddlers.

The John Franklin Bardin Omnibus (The Deadly Percheron, The Last of Philip 
Banter, Devil Take the Blue-Tail Fly), Penguin, 1976. These novels are 
amazing, reminiscent of Philip K. Dick; I hadn't heard of Bardin before. 
These were written in the 1940s and are like nothing else in the period. 
They're dark, psychological, ridden with issues of identity and potential 
madness - check them out.

A few sites of interest - the Odyssey art and performance page on Ning, 
http://odysseyart.ning.com/ and Odyssey in Second Life - the work of Gaz, 
Sugar Seville, Patrick Lichty, Ian Ah, among others; Facebook but not 
Myspace; and why are my listings going down in Google week after week? 
Check out the amazing repository / archive of files at 
http://www.textfiles.com/directory.html . For the best discussion of 
climate I've seen, go to Real Climate, http://www.realclimate.org/ . If 
you don't know NOAA weather, you should; the site has complete discussion 
of current conditions in the US, as well as the phenomenology behind them 
- NOAA at http://www.weather.gov/ .

Ossi Oswalda!!! - has become my favorite silent film star, after seeing 
her in Ernst Lubitsch's The Oyster Princess (Die Austernprinzessin), 1919, 
and I don't want to be a Man (Ich mochte kein Mann sein), 1920. Her acting 
is furious and incredibly intense, comedic with a very dark edge something 
like the early Courtney Love. I'm trying to find more of her work. I don't 
want to be a man is way ahead of its time, and The Oyster Princess is so 
over the top that it's interesting today - not as 'silent film' - but as 
brilliant satire.

Abel Gance's Napoleon - this is just one of the most brilliant silent 
films ever, almost unobtainable today. It was originally made for 
simultaneous triple projection; the images were interlocked in all sorts 
of ways. There's a VHS version you might find second-hand; I had it 
converted to two DVDs (the film's quite long). If you haven't heard of 
this, look it up online; needless to say it's amazing.

Siva Purana, Uttarakhanda, Text with English Translation and Introduction, 
Dr. U.N. Dhal, Nag, 2000. Anything about Siva is going to be terrific - 
this is a translation of a major portion of the Purana. Sanskrit and an 
odd English rendering are given. You can find this, again, online - order 
direct from India (through abe).

I don't feel I've done my homework on the Purana, done Steve Talbott 
justice, understood the ins and outs of the Madhyamika; I travel far too 
quickly through regions I know little about. I want to know Chinese and 
Japanese and cuneiform, but don't have the time or ability to _sit still_ 
and learn them. I read Make magazine - an O'Reilly publication I swear by 
- but I haven't built anything but a VLF radio and antenna in years. I 
scurry too quickly - I worry too much about death and this summer I don't 
have my favorite laboratory machines to play with. I'm afraid reading 
novels take up too much time; Whalen and Snyder are caresses. I don't want 
to end up like Ossi Oswalda or at least without doing something as good as 
her work was. I want to learn more about the Planet of Slums and do some- 
thing about the human condition. I'm lazy and arrogant and run around 
signing petitions at best. In any case at one point I read a biography of 
the (real) monk in The Journey to the West, he brought thousands of Bud- 
dhist scriptures to China, and I wonder how many people were alive then 
and what were they carrying?






Virtual, not Real


Two modes of writing, most likely among others: Well, I demonstrate (x); 
well, I demonstrate (myself). The first compresses, contains, confuses the 
object; the second smears the object within or against the code/work of 
the text. To smear the object implies an onto-epistemological corruption 
or breakdown; it is abjection that determines the problematic relationship 
between self and object. To demonstrate (x) is to clarify an indexical 
mapping between symbol and object; to demonstrate (myself) is to dis-em- 
body both object and self; the ontological breakdown is between organism 
and signifier; the epistemological breakdown implies that knowledge itself 
is problematized across the boundary. Of course there isn't any boundary; 
this is all non-sense - in other words, senseless, one can't make sense of 
these things, there's nothing in the sense of sense as direction - can you 
sense which way to go? The discussion itself leads to abjection; a w/hole 
body has no need of dis/splay, dis/comfort; it's there inhabited, sutured, 
one with inhabitation and self, powerful, commanding, desiring, desired. 
The body tending towards discussion is already embedded in a futile 
attempt to construct existence out of shifters, pronouns; the discussed 
body is already a crude form of empathetic magic, which never works but 
which constantly requires both sacrifice and repetition. Then one reads 
it, the same, the differentiated, as autobiography; what is being 
described adheres to, seems to adhere to, the events of the day, those 
contortions or fits (fitts) of the writer, and thus replete with projec- 
tion; this holds as well for fictional characters, but everyone recognizes 
that avatars at least have no history. The avatar is intermediary/sluice 
between clarified object and smeared self; its skin labors skin in one 
very singular direction, that is, from an acceptable exterior distance - 
but its skin labors space within or close to within. Within what? The 
prims fall away, replaced by space which mirrors, maps external space, all 
the way to the ends of the game, game-space, or beyond; mirrors, by asso- 
ciation, space itself in the real, which is already virtual, the closer 
one approaches quantum or fundamental particle levels. In this very real 
sense it is the avatar which is real, and our selves, bodies, our organic 
existence, which is virtual, dependent among other things on an Aristotel- 
ian logic that holds only on _this_ level in the holarchy, among others. 
For the law of distribution, so important in the application of classical 
logic to the world, breaks down in favor of the gestural, once the logic 
is examined closely, once appearance and the reading of the world, such as 
it is, virtual-real, is foregrounded. We defend ourselves against this 
through a whole phenomenology of pain and suffering, as if death consti- 
tutes the undeniable presence of the material world. That this isn't the 
case is clear, not by considering death itself virtual, but by recognizing 
death as the termination of processes in the middle-zone, in the middle- 
way - and processes them- selves, are by virtual of the ineluctable ontol- 
ogy of time, virtual in their constituation.

In lieu, place, virtual or real, of this, I speak like a madman, like a 
hungry ghost, already a contradiction, since what would fulfill a ghost, 
hungry or not, except an internal transform among ghost-organs, ghost- 
perceptions, ghost-epistemologies? Madness always carries the tinge of the 
virtual with it, and thereupon the real, just as what one considers the 
real in everyday life, appears as a dream, false, masquerade, sham, fac- 
ade, theater and theatrical performance, all of which is true, recognized 
in every movement or body-speech of an avatar, in one or another world, 
more real than virtual, as ours is more virtual than real. To write of an 
object: "Two modes: Well, I demonstrate (x); well, I demonstrate (myself). 
The first compresses, contains, confuses the object" - is to write of 
oneself writing of an object; this is elementary. And it is also elemen- 
tary to realize that "writing of oneself writing of an object" is an 
aporia, useless, exhausting, falsely-recursive; one might as well stop 
there and recognize that the smear (stutter, cough, text, pause, punctua- 
tion, page or screen) is behind, within, inherent in, every utterance 
whatsoever. The psychoanalytical loss of object or good object or bad 
object is founded on no object at all - none, but food in the eyes of the 
hungry ghost, or the hungry ghost in the eyes of its prey. Nothing is 
simple, everything melds within the hallucinatory, and rational action is 
the apparent ability to 'freeze' those moments, as if they endured beyond 
the momentary glance or description.



Tally of the Graphemes


Each word of the text "Virtual, not Real" remained indecipherable; how 
could it be otherwise? But the tablet itself presented a wealth of 
information, as indicated by a further tabulation based on instances and 
statistics. While the skein of meaning - if there is such - may be 
permanently lost, the interstices of the skein are visible as words and 
other markings (and which are words and which are other markings?) are 
tallied, placed within a raster of sorts. It has to be acknowledged that 
the constitution of a grapheme itself is dubious; first, how does one sign 
become differentiated from another, and second (related), how does a part 
of one sign differentiate itself? And both part and sign are taken for 
granted as well above the noise-level of the tablet - in other words, if 
'v' is an element (as perhaps it may be), one has to recognize the dis- 
tinction between 'v' and 'u' (based on the _integration_ of the 'curve of 
"v"'), and 'v' and 'w' (based on, not only duplication, but _duplication_ 
within a single instantiation - otherwise one might have, for example, 
'rewing the engine' in equivalent relation to 'revving the engine,' which 
it, most likely, is not in any spoken or written language to our 
knowledge).

So what does the following list tell us? That the origin of _this_ system 
of signifiers and components (however the nomenclature) is clearly devised 
as operative within a statistical regime - which is nothing more than a 
mapping from the (presumed) semantics of the original tablet to a simpler, 
easier to understand semantics, based on a fundamental rearrangement, even 
reorganization - which nonetheless remains true to the original in all 
senses of the word, since nothing but meaningless order is lost in the 
fray.


Word	Frequency	%

-	6	0.64
"	4	0.43
(	8	0.86
)	8	0.86
,	100	10.71
.	19	2.03
:	3	0.32
;	17	1.82
?	3	0.32
_this_	1	0.11
a	9	0.96
ability	1	0.11
abjection	2	0.21
acceptable	1	0.11
across	1	0.11
action	1	0.11
adhere	1	0.11
adheres	1	0.11
against	2	0.21
all	4	0.43
already	4	0.43
also	1	0.11
always	1	0.11
among	4	0.43
an	10	1.07
and	17	1.82
another	1	0.11
any	1	0.11
aporia	1	0.11
apparent	1	0.11
appearance	1	0.11
appears	1	0.11
applica-	1	0.11
apporaches	1	0.11
are	1	0.11
Aristotelian	1	0.11
as	11	1.18
association	1	0.11
at	2	0.21
attempt	1	0.11
autobiography	1	0.11
avatar	3	0.32
avatars	1	0.11
away	1	0.11
bad	1	0.11
behind	1	0.11
being	1	0.11
between	4	0.43
beyond	2	0.21
bodies	1	0.11
body	3	0.32
body-speech	1	0.11
both	2	0.21
boundary	2	0.21
breakdown	3	0.32
breaks	1	0.11
but	5	0.54
by	5	0.54
can	1	0.11
can't	1	0.11
carries	1	0.11
case	1	0.11
characters	1	0.11
clarified	1	0.11
clarify	1	0.11
classical	1	0.11
clear	1	0.11
close	1	0.11
closely	1	0.11
closer	1	0.11
code	1	0.11
comfort	1	0.11
commanding	1	0.11
compresses	2	0.21
confuses	2	0.21
considering	1	0.11
considers	1	0.11
constantly	1	0.11
constituation	1	0.11
constitutes	1	0.11
construct	1	0.11
contains	2	0.21
contortions	1	0.11
contradiction	1	0.11
corruption	1	0.11
cough	1	0.11
course	1	0.11
crude	1	0.11
day	1	0.11
death	3	0.32
defend	1	0.11
dem-	1	0.11
demonstrate	5	0.54
dependent	1	0.11
described	1	0.11
description	1	0.11
desired	1	0.11
desiring	1	0.11
determines	1	0.11
different-	1	0.11
direction	2	0.21
dis	2	0.21
discussed	1	0.11
discussion	2	0.21
dis-embody	1	0.11
distance	1	0.11
distribution	1	0.11
down	1	0.11
dream	1	0.11
elementary	2	0.21
embedded	1	0.11
empathetic	1	0.11
ends	1	0.11
endured	1	0.11
epistemological	2	0.21
events	1	0.11
every	2	0.21
everyday	1	0.11
everyone	1	0.11
everything	1	0.11
examined	1	0.11
except	1	0.11
exhausting	1	0.11
existence	2	0.21
exterior	1	0.11
external	1	0.11
eyes	2	0.21
facade	1	0.11
fall	1	0.11
false	1	0.11
falsely-recursive	1	0.11
favor	1	0.11
fictional	1	0.11
first	2	0.21
fits	1	0.11
fitts	1	0.11
food	1	0.11
for	2	0.21
foregrounded	1	0.11
form	1	0.11
founded	1	0.11
freeze	1	0.11
from	1	0.11
fulfill	1	0.11
fundamental	1	0.11
futile	1	0.11
game	1	0.11
game-space	1	0.11
gestural	1	0.11
ghost	4	0.43
ghost-	1	0.11
ghost-epistemologies	1	0.11
ghost-organs	1	0.11
glance	1	0.11
go	1	0.11
good	1	0.11
hallucinatory	1	0.11
has	1	0.11
have	1	0.11
history	1	0.11
holarchy	1	0.11
holds	2	0.21
hole	1	0.11
hungry	4	0.43
I	5	0.54
iated	1	0.11
if	2	0.21
implies	2	0.21
important	1	0.11
in	19	2.03
indexical	1	0.11
ineluctable	1	0.11
inhabitation	1	0.11
inhabited	1	0.11
inherent	1	0.11
intermediary	1	0.11
internal	1	0.11
is	29	3.10
isn't	2	0.21
it	6	0.64
its	3	0.32
it's	1	0.11
itself	4	0.43
just	1	0.11
knowledge	1	0.11
labors	2	0.21
law	1	0.11
leads	1	0.11
least	1	0.11
level	1	0.11
levels	1	0.11
lieu	1	0.11
life	1	0.11
like	2	0.21
likely	1	0.11
logic	3	0.32
loss	1	0.11
madman	1	0.11
Madness	1	0.11
magic	1	0.11
make	1	0.11
mapping	1	0.11
maps	1	0.11
masquerade	1	0.11
material	1	0.11
melds	1	0.11
middle-	1	0.11
middle-zone	1	0.11
might	1	0.11
mirrors	2	0.21
modes	2	0.21
momentary	1	0.11
moments	1	0.11
more	2	0.21
most	1	0.11
movement	1	0.11
myself	3	0.32
need	1	0.11
never	1	0.11
no	3	0.32
non-	1	0.11
none	1	0.11
not	3	0.32
nothing	2	0.21
object	15	1.61
of	32	3.43
on	3	0.32
once	2	0.21
one	8	0.86
oneself	2	0.21
only	1	0.11
onstrate	1	0.11
onto-	1	0.11
ontological	1	0.11
ontology	1	0.11
or	15	1.61
organic	1	0.11
organism	1	0.11
other	2	0.21
others	2	0.21
our	2	0.21
ours	1	0.11
ourselves	1	0.11
out	1	0.11
page	1	0.11
pain	1	0.11
particle	1	0.11
pause	1	0.11
perceptions	1	0.11
performance	1	0.11
phenomenology	1	0.11
place	1	0.11
powerful	1	0.11
presence	1	0.11
prey	1	0.11
prims	1	0.11
problematic	1	0.11
problematized	1	0.11
processes	2	0.21
projection	1	0.11
pronouns	1	0.11
psyhoanalytical	1	0.11
punctuation	1	0.11
quantum	1	0.11
rational	1	0.11
reading	1	0.11
reads	1	0.11
xxxxxxxxxx real		9	0.96 xxxxxxxxxx
realize	1	0.11
recognize	1	0.11
recognized	1	0.11
recognizes	1	0.11
recognizing	1	0.11
relationship	1	0.11
repetition	1	0.11
replaced	1	0.11
replete	1	0.11
requires	1	0.11
sacrifice	1	0.11
same	1	0.11
screen	1	0.11
second	1	0.11
seems	1	0.11
self	4	0.43
selves	2	0.21
sense	6	0.64
senseless	1	0.11
sham	1	0.11
shifters	1	0.11
signifier	1	0.11
simple	1	0.11
since	1	0.11
singular	1	0.11
skin	3	0.32
sluice	1	0.11
smear	2	0.21
smeared	1	0.11
smears	1	0.11
so	1	0.11
space	4	0.43
speak	1	0.11
splay	1	0.11
stop	1	0.11
stutter	1	0.11
such	1	0.11
suffering	1	0.11
sutured	1	0.11
symbol	1	0.11
tending	1	0.11
termination	1	0.11
text	2	0.21
than	2	0.21
that	8	0.86
the	58	6.21
theater	1	0.11
theatrical	1	0.11
their	1	0.11
them-	1	0.11
Then	1	0.11
there	3	0.32
there's	1	0.11
thereupon	1	0.11
these	1	0.11
they	1	0.11
things	2	0.21
this	7	0.75
those	2	0.21
through	1	0.11
thus	1	0.11
time	1	0.11
tinge	1	0.11
tion	1	0.11
to	18	1.93
towards	1	0.11
transform	1	0.11
true	1	0.11
Two	2	0.21
undeniable	1	0.11
useless	1	0.11
utterance	1	0.11
very	2	0.21
xxxxxxxxxx virtual	10	1.07 xxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxx virtual-real	1	0.11 xxxxxxxxxx
w	1	0.11
way	3	0.32
We	1	0.11
well	6	0.64
what	4	0.43
whatsoever	1	0.11
which	8	0.86
whole	1	0.11
with	3	0.32
within	6	0.64
words	1	0.11
work	1	0.11
works	1	0.11
world	4	0.43
would	1	0.11
write	2	0.21
writer	1	0.11
writing	4	0.43
x	3	0.32
you	1	0.11

Different words/items counted: 363
Total Words: 771
Total Punctuation: 142
Total Other Text: 1
Total Characters: 4672
Total Paragraphs: 82



Narrative and Marriage to Language


My first narrative video in a long time:
http://odysseyart.ning.com/video/video/show?id=685033:Video:2078  

My text of marriage to language:

I don't understand what you're saying.
Perhaps I'm not hearing you correctly. Or perhaps I'm hearing you 
correctly but don't understand the words you're using. Perhaps I'm not 
sure you're speaking in language, you're using words. Perhaps I understand 
what you're saying, but don't understand why or wherefore you're saying it. 
Perhaps I'm not hearing you clearly.

I don't understand what you're trying to say.
Perhaps you're not speaking clearly. Perhaps I think you are making an 
effort to say something, making an effort at speech, making an effort at 
language. Perhaps I'm projecting on to you, that you are attempting to say 
something. Perhaps I'm indicating that I don't understand your effort, or 
that your effort is to no avail.

I don't understand the meaning carried by the words.
Perhaps I understand the words, but don't understand their overall 
meaning. Perhaps I ascribe to a theory that words carry meaning, that is, 
they do not mean, but they bear meaning, that is, that meaning is borne. 
Perhaps the meaning carried by the words is obscure to me, perhaps it 
requires knowledge I do not possess, and perhaps never have possessed.

I don't understand the words' meaning.
Perhaps I understand you are speaking words, but I don't understand their 
meaning or the meaning they carry. Perhaps I am confused and understand 
the words, but meaning is lost to me. Perhaps I am exhausted and meaning 
has disappeared, perhaps I am inordinately depressed, and meaning has 
decathected. Perhaps words, for me, are no longer invested with meaning, 
or no longer carry meaning.

I don't understand the words.
Perhaps I don't understand anything you're saying. Perhaps I'm not sure 
you're speaking words, perhaps you are speaking gibberish or nonsense 
syllables or random phonemes. Perhaps I understand the words, but not in 
the way you are using them. Perhaps I don't understand the language, 
perhaps a new or different language, to which the words belong, from which 
they originate, within which they make sense or carry meaning.

I don't understand your words.
Perhaps I understand the words but I don't understand your words. Perhaps 
I don't understand what you mean with these words, what meaning you want 
these words to carry. Perhaps your use of these words is unclear or their 
meaning in combination is unclear, but the words, one by one, are clear. 
Perhaps I don't understand the drift of your words, the sense of them.

I don't understand you.
Perhaps I understand your words and I understand their meaning and the 
meaning you want the words to carry, but I don't understand why you're 
saying these words, what is your motive, what you may be trying to tell 
me. Perhaps I don't understand your words or anything about you, you are 
not a thing to me, but you are not communicating any more than a thing, an 
inert object, would communicate. Perhaps I understand nothing except that 
I must reply to you, that it appears as if the words have meaning for you, 
and both their meaning and you are lost to me. Perhaps I have never 
understood you, and these words have clarified that for me, that I have 
been living a life thinking I have known you, perhaps have known you well, 
and in fact I have not known you at all, perhaps it has been a mistake 
thinking I have known you.

I can't make sense of what you're saying.
Perhaps the words make no sense to me. Perhaps I do not recognize them as 
words. perhaps I do not recognize your speech as motivated towards a goal 
or object or orientation I might well understand. Perhaps I recognize your 
phonemes and your syllable, but you are speaking nonsense or appear to be 
speaking nonsense. Perhaps I think it is you who are senseless, perhaps I 
think it is myself who suffers a fundamental lack, who cannot comprehend 
what you are saying, no matter how many times you say it, and with what 
force. Perhaps I do not know to whom you are speaking, who is the 
recipient of your speech, perhaps it is not me at all. Perhaps you can't 
make sense of this, of what I am saying to you. Perhaps I am speechless, 
perhaps my words have dropped their meaning, lost their meaning, and are 
carrying, here, in this very place, nothing but cries and whispers.









CRASH-LAND UNIVERSE


MIDSECTION ROCKET CRAWLS into SCRAP-HEAP UNIVERSE < ready < ready set and 
go < a.ok < ORIENTATION CONCENTRATION CAMP PLANET [ POLES REVERSE ] *** 
GLOBE BOILS *** GLOBE BOILS TO A HALT *** GLOBE BOILS TO A HALT < we've 
got to get out of here < ORBITAL CHECK < all in order chief OK NOW a.ok < 
FREIGHT-CAMP LINEUP < ready set go < ready set go < CRAWLED DOWN INTO 
SCRAP-HEAP UNIVERSE < < < < <> <> <> <>:pass word-bort < passed abortion < 
word < SPACE-FREIGHT LINEUP < check < ready ready ready < movement in the 
city < PERFECTLIFTOFF < <> <> <> <> LOZENGE TRAIL of collapsed markers < 
lost-body-skins of LIFTOFFAVATAR < LOZENGE contrail < contrail < contrail 
< ready ready ready:space and the city < taken or removed from sex and the 
city > the space of sex < desire > when the rocket sends itself elsewhere 
< something escapes CONCENTRATION PLANET < nanotech spew > disordered 
arrays < CHECK AB CHECK AC CHECK AD CHECK AE CHECK AF CHECK ORBITAL CHECK 
LAUNCH DIRECTOR < ready ready ready ready ready::

space and the city < taken or removed from sex and the city > the space of 
sex < desire > when the rocket sends itself elsewhere < something escapes 
CONCENTRATION PLANET < nanotech spew > disordered arrays < CHECK AB CHECK 
AC CHECK AD CHECK AE CHECK AF CHECK ORBITAL CHECK LAUNCH DIRECTOR < ready 
ready ready ready ready transforms Your MIDSECTION ROCKET CRAWLS into 
SCRAP-HEAP UNIVERSE < ready < ready set and go < a.ok < ORIENTATION 
CONCENTRATION CAMP PLANET [ POLES REVERSE ] *** GLOBE BOILS *** GLOBE 
BOILS TO A HALT *** GLOBE BOILS TO A HALT < we've got to get out of here < 
ORBITAL CHECK < all in order chief OK NOW a.ok < FREIGHT-CAMP LINEUP < 
ready set go < ready set go < CRAWLED DOWN INTO SCRAP-HEAP UNIVERSE < < < 
< <> <> <> <> on me...

WE'VE GOT TO GET OUT OF HERE < CONCENTRATION UNIVERSE < "Actually, Sir, we 
can't go that far, none of us can, not even at this speed." "Ready set go, 
Colonel, we can look, can't we?"


Digital Theory Sifted from Internet Text


All lines with 'digital' were filtered from IT; 'digital' was replaced 
with '0110'; the lines were justified, then filtered for 0110 repeatedly; 
the result was filtered to ensure that every grapheme-chain is unique. 
Here is digital theory unprocessed - uncanny, disconcerting, barely read- 
able. Every theory of media must pass through this filter; every theory 
inhabits one or another locus of the following.

or morphed landscape, the promise of 0110-eternal - what's _cool_ passed
away. Is it a testimony to eternal quality 0110 that Colosseum steps
disappear under tourists. Finally, note how cyborg-dreams, dreams,
machinic-dreams, are full phantoms, this time 0110, promising at last
moment pluck recuperation is present, but like death, gives us bleak heart
blank absence granted meaning only by sur- terminal desires muted
symphonics tation and construction. In era, construct replaces essence,
_that_ point, guarantee your will be worn, in ment course from analog all
way down. It later, carrying awkward 0110ia everywhere we & go.  take
land...  images through defuge, We thrust ourselves into replicate exactly
one hundred Dying within analog, living I remember seeing deathless,
stalls, hacking's eternity The programs operating space between although
totally grounded 0110. How much can mathesis transform devouring occurs
waves across limits. tangential computer, operation neural network
implicitly bandwidth on increase, bytes bits curves smoothed
Transformation processing technologies. tendency towards discrete,
computational, mathematical develop- Entrepreneurship realm, realm body
sub- (The infinite raster 0110: returning itself, disap- Within (without
slippage), error easily else_ involves, inherently, domain. traditional
0110? (sitting desk, red patch, etc.), since world con- is, picture 0110ly
She offers me her breast, ating blue pink red, stupid transform.  3am
Indonesia, where they now here most units market today (with exception new
else" implicitly, tradi- theorize construct. Instead, philosophy packets;
almost 6. DIGITIZATION: translation documents personal What 0110; splayed
glowing laptop screen, camera, video, even effects. my
eternal-perfect-0110-intelligence, information- inner speech vocality
language lost; (0110) intrudes sense ikonic (every image ikonic). Play
archetypes, part-objects home as hood-ornament, camcorder, Xclock set X
Window, yet clock (in there no inbetween that, you know European/classical
tradition. A shorter category included photograph image. This knowledge
tacit know- tioning him. Computers well abstract; based Wide Web casing,
reproduction real televisual convulsions. You carry versions around pocket
domain, virtual subjectivities, dispersion 7 Binary structures: perhaps
decent camera loaded with eighty pictures ing shim, CMOS-IC chip regulate
power decode commands, sil- avatar acts distance: apparently eternal,
ignore fact media, _of_ practico-inert, wear out, hate crimes, eternities
mutilated legacy softwares dead symbolization, thinking-through offline
online spaces sic film, about old vs. synthesizers, same ontological
domains.) And contrasted tial-well devices. permits total control over
material terms specified functions parameterizations. transparency
specificity in- analog-0110 distinction, Robinson infinitesimal
mathematics, used Casio record awesome things Developments: Totalization,
escape, perfection, repetition without themselves against clear;
reconstructions always already eternal. time, not emanant which
necessarily 1. relation long, exhibitionist, neuroticized history bytes;
cal well, its very nature, resistant corro- exchange, frisson-jouissance,
lip, edge explicate analog. do forget, friends, _virtual idol,_ persona,
created program- Moon, ongoing manga series, intensified imagery Mariko
Bridge (once purified_ system protocols) might Just slidings probings
domains competi- "0110 apparatus" itself "cinematic apparatus") Pentax
35mm give Mark surprise, working delay shortwave put going deeper it,
0110/computer ironically net slamming moment, hard type say video written
pixel-by-pixel mapping noise garnered nature before culture. isn't
universe another, origin, turning monitors everywhere, constructed years,
back aware enormous differences slide analog-0110, while cuts,
differentiation's tool, 25 different graphics programs, scannings,
camerawork. effect, blankness dismemberment coupling, fifth conundrum
clean proper (Kristeva) domain machines ranging yesterday forty years ago,
being. mediaspace 6 intermittent taking photo- usb rca 37 become-, -woman,
-0110, losing myself bit other work produced includes 45 photographs
number live in, regime begins replace down, skittered surface equivalences
ital notions generations videotape thousands, intensely slow accumulations
ologies 109 decoding becomes eo plays calligraphic havoc. problem close
yday life. Phenomenology Modernisms histories salvaged inscription.
horizons. returning, re-turning, find, physicality appearance, presence,
given narrowly-focused; it's other, world; remains there; parasiticE!
DAIMYO OTAKU SUBARU MOSHI-MOSHI 0110=vamp soE! HAI! EE!HAI! small beads,
reign _substance,_ meets analog; movement constituting (If inhabits
eternity, worn down; who must (pico for example). Skin objects, beginnings
endings explanation; mute, abject, description has number. (distinction
orders chaotic dreaming finally cyborg dreams machine 2. Typed: --
virtual/imaginary presence: 4 operates death desire 5 interpenetrate
primary division former viruses those characterize behavior phenomenology
:: final cut pro, kojiki, reading culture, art arts camras: sony 201100
shortwav midst silences? what have been canonically inert, open something
wrong 1 2 cameras $300 $400 them theory language, deals computers, massive
edifice sky _with finger eye_: systems virtually immediate three words,
_0110 jet_ _TV_ could dichtung-0110. voice-overs, talks. effects 3.
Learning components studio these include:  5. use microphones, anthrax,
analog/0110 internals protocols deep disconnect <> names. life, life
binary oppositions; nothing whatsoever position array x truth, coherent
performativities; layer does add else kind sign 62865:0110 On left just
saw everglades three-foot drop, nikon overboard. behind tender matrices
format rastered resolutions see.' i hide specific transmission (no more,
alas, replaced further commu- worlds, tribly 35 minute 3 nicads laptop.
phone depends countries, unstable nation-state another. office
representation "personal assistant" (PDA). 0110-animal-structure / Edge)
Pork then abolition nightmare invades quantum spiral cyber sun::it
isolates moments speak usually background. read constantly. computer
recorder wherever Sometimes still camera. untold brilliant film transfers,
i'm too sick Nikuko-Dispersion 0110-eternal, "0110artsource.com-Digital
east. began photographing both portending an image, part "Archive series"
lines, surely artifacts process, ones level diffraction first place.
dharding dhenwood dhindman dhs_test dhuppert diamante 0110s diniakos Every
own "natural" laws. There ... ephemera media labor dance sound:  there's
said "there's 0110." disappeared. obscene. cuisine. well. it.
disappeared." obscene." cuisine." well." it." projected eternality
resonance; noiseless, integrated; spew harsh, diacri- constructs.
Construction exhausts drive; sional Euclidean (or version thereof)
illness, utter collapse fast country; FM tuning suddenly blanks, presence
it; takes kill, segmented order organize *chora*'s survival (just 0110ity
interstice (the approaches merges absolution increasingly mechanics
channel particularly regard operate Boolean calculus 0 values, _any_
construct, including ASCII, every Then case defined firewall, To translate
Obviously subject, limit domain._ manipulated some extent ulterior,
however defined, therefore amenable increased (increased bandwidth)
parallels closed dominion articulation remnant 19th-century communication
"reality" whatsoever. I'm sitting looking map United States closeup
recording Thinking backs up domain; thinking waits also believe
discussions throughout), information "eternal"; flesh sinks sea; storage.
But y = sin kx any dis- Peter Lunenfeld intelligent books I've seen
valuable guide analysis It's art/media past. fucking each depth community
"artificial arms fault lines"  line carefully assembled wording picture.
System requirements. Recommended configuration. Piloting flight simulator
others f717 wouldn't work, less Translating texts hex, binary, octal, f(X)
memory epistemology uniformity doubly-encoded chiasmus simultaneously
ephemeral technology substructure constructible differential inheres
levels homeostatic entities substance fluid analogous writing
technological sentence integral analogical leaks parasitic temporally
enveloping splays print f analogy particles fundamental aligns signature n
extruded stone form inscribe matrix r thousands corporeal general public.
covers machines, focusing properly if don't consciously correct, come
ecological/biological/0110 storage year 2050. lost dawning .  poet hand,
rockhop works. psychoanalytics collapsed silence wholes visualities
incursion. never knows misses text file, entire muck performance,
experimentation, microscopy. think pornography whose amanuensis
palimpsest, diseased gynecological closeups jumping off 0110/analog page,
proving indispensable sort stuff, way, artists know, their everyone
interested art, etc. should without, once, endless model 0110ly;  Webb,
unique terms, external imminent Don't cited sondheim warnell code wind see
ba mark vedral skibum nightmare! lmnop elephant bigroom tightfit furball
difference regimes world. fetish.jpg was taken exposing, what, mensuration
explodes our '0110' mean 'discrete.' By appears continuous; broken.
everyday result intervention. object From viewpoint forgotten; process
parcelling accurate limits particular _there._ in-process. If indexical,
'pointing towards' contin- uum, _is_ scale. ikonic, distinction referents
onto- equivalent map, raster, characterized discrete polarities,
interpretations, interpenetrations, Frames diegesis (continuous story),
(semiotics narrative); entanglements (neural split ontological/epistemic
grounds. nor abjure clear problematic. cleanly separable, breakable.
clean. inherent. application truth values analogic dirty problematizes
symbolic. _object_ analogic.  _representation_ Absence exclusion
non-existence Ghosts existence existents envelops act differentiation;
integration. smoothes disrupts. requires place stand. origin. draws
distinction; erases quantifies carries price-tag. Coding, say, discrete.
metonymy tropes, carving-away deemed extraneous. absolute silence.
unstructured; structured. communality, use-value. community, exchange-
distanced, defined. Analog subject; object. Exchange use. Without would
until syntesis, embedding begin "fluxspace." analog0110 entanglement
explore interiority wide performance.  Splayed interpenetrate. least
extent. chaotic. enology semiotal death. Short bibliography
analytical/0110 vis-a-vis semiotics. hierarchy, logical types,
analog/0110, detailed orders. Wilden early Jonathen's assertion Well, yes
no. _is,_ simply _isn't_; exists real, occupies theoretical/abstract,
mapping, i.e. 0s 1s, subatomic level, entangled. portal continuum
electronic (and 0110) cinematic analog) mappings real. Today embraces
inter- indiscrete (analog) reversible states "content." Video synthesizers
inputs, editors, directions. great deal experimental uses editing, abacus.
abacus instrument instruments However latter either asymptotic Sony Blip
Scanne adio. show Cloud Spintha am disks ding CDRom oles folde eco p
iscope?  Potential negative game ping-pong. type-face harder play than
counterpart. eerie, stimulate vigorous debate relationship chthonic;
impede build, aerate, delude.  inauthentic, Vaihinger's as-if resides info
ete indisc mation ial min live, thA tob dance. grom teh op tfe anayoG not,
ytied gO tog te gof indexical. he tever tpere. tae ix "pointing towards"
af t ano ho anayoG. tlis identity. ATP sero ly-coarse roast er, lark
totalizer dear- moved value, where? Why? whom? At when < > collapses frame
ving (0110), get nowhere. (0110); consciousness artifactual audio
reproduction, grave. ) ...Analog forum raster: increase infinitely, create
out try infinitely large. integrates arrive analogic, 0110), running.
Before long tied Lacan's knots, adjectival; configuration appearance
constructed, wave example? (natural) _collapse_? membrane. dirty, ghosts
embedded other. stay filter analogic/discrete 'domains.' aegis plasma
mathematics investigations: physics, However, relates issues (which
continue fourth, touches discussion characterizes permitted speak, unit
tight, compact, always, hack- passing along cosmos rough bandwidth; active
ing); opaqueness complexity otherwise hear thing. lies _either_
fabrication one-on-one codes, deeper, made _0110_ technology, _discrete_
epistemological recording, example, CD, CD 0110/constructed barrier
circum- screening.)) meditation can't distinguish signals 10000 times
interference pda susan graham cunt inserted pearl enlarged prick hole
altered bloody female green masturbation nude woman man, aged times.
recorded mini-disk, edited CoolEdit. computers space-time spikes.  touch
vlf radio collapse/decay it?); My analog-stumble, clarification;
inescapable attempt slur processes. Wave equations born. expands, leaving
behind. As coalesce approach wanted smoothness jelly skin digitized; sheen
bones bump fade. map. conceptual. case, date 1800 pictures; went them,
natural definition industrial effloresces; miniaturization tends toward
few wholeheartedly recommend allegory (as reflective W/1-4: continued
'industrial' sets.  rounding-off REWRITES INSERTS IT permanent markers? Or
rather, zero-tolerance insertion ends THROUGH mediation 0110/ idealized
MIRRORING were cast-off today: laissez-faire bending RULES, suburban rule
media? For slightly wear-and-tear stone. blurs distribution employed;
wilderness */failed so far/* sheer moment] abacus, secret internalization
immersion decay. See below: commentary collapse. grid. Here -> (i.e.  
phenomenology: look collapse; border- editing/wave equation promises
implosion simultaneously. mission evanescent. endure, adapt fast-forward
IMPERIUM margins PERFORMANCE:. NO understands assume understand dvd file
begs question apologies beauty symmetry had missed growing interior tubes,
screens, readouts, anything oom-pahpah! attacking binary! problems 0110!
uniformity" 0110" entities" "analog Sandy Baldwin flying air animations
more surfaces stapled LITERALLY transformations continuum, writing(s)
arts: concerned symbolic Image 4: D () A: dancer{}0110{{}}avatar{}analog.
D,A projections. 5: D(particle){{}}(wave)A. projection dancer/0110
0110/raster/pixel. metaphysics televangelism # htm html intitle index
sublime outlinings size jpg nipple registration virus diary.txt wma|mp3
male -lyrics averaging. one's caught usual trap, jennifer le
dancer{}0110{{}}avatar{}analg. dances Jennifer
sldancer{}0110{{}}avatar{}anal g. slwly" shudder/trembling <-
consumed-body tension-release old-fashioned, heavy, clunky. They're half
O'Reilly useful waste spectrum, aurality, sexuality, phenomenology, origin
corruption trembling bodies destroyed forever television company 9.
inhering bullae, land-grant, psycho- analytics narratology, myth, mythical
called-for. Its arrival allied pressed reproduced hand situation, books,
far useful, (although readout sloppy), sound. owned meant life? second
learned chords 0110-style, [chord], b c d e style chord chorus morning
clarity point difficultdifficult 0110don't Digital reproduction.
manipulation layers, bifurcation, continuous waveform suturing disturbance
disturbance, birth; wound heal; anomaly suture; completeness ontology
layers flattening problematized body, extended bottom. screen shoring-up;
they're melted; consider transitions occurring present 0110-in-present,
coming apart pieces inconceivable war botox slaughter: NOTHING slaughter
Bruce Nauman his dynamic represented suitable physical quantity" example
watch, former, temporality memory, moving, movement. pure function
presents "you considering _moment_ planet likely get. 0110-personal,
watches goes wrong, onslaughts. nervous digits turn turnabout existential
temporal sliced static substance/scene seamless wonder transmutated
peopling grainy vacuum tube scanner, deconstructed. reverse double faces
aum silent a--- um--- 0110-naked deployed); thus speaking inscription
'everything else' maps onto tree; real; optical apparatus; protocol two;
gnaws tree imagin- hands handsful digits; model. directories, Bretz scans,
videos rotating points, fly-through output. merging techniques, equipment,
organisms, access three-dimensional So bvh analog_0110_proposal rtf
analog_0110_sample anti antiparallel [WRITING-AND-THE-DIGITAL-LIFE] Intr
sourc Amazon April 22th, transformation extracted, attendant
institutionalization, inscribes ruler analog/abject _or appears._ motion
capture, bandwidth, tolerance figure-in-the- what? disappeared, stitched
sutured happens debris, remnants, forth split, sheared. No holds together;
contingent Everything register figures shudder. smallest Perhaps you've
thought immune Hooray tricked engorged new. They (no, One absolutely
inhabit theoretical space.  motion-capture uncaptured remembering origins
scars wounds keeping Pringy spirit broken mocap avatar-meats virtual/real,
governance/community. five writing; "X" == faunal cultural ]] leashed,
older transformative obdurate analogic; decathects sublime; sublime,
constructs construes nothing; placement; place; dwelling building,
placement entity union, intersection, division, multiplication, 0, origin;
infinitesimals birth swallows self [18:31] <two> yes, depth-notes
salvation. rubric, tired real-life vignettes, somewhat splits "the /[b]+/
{ core-dumping. mapping" }:/[a]+/ }:/[s]+/ "a }! original Azure Carter.
Deconstruction purity filth: beneath surface. stays scrammed,
reconstructed, interpreted, cooled baldwin inspired essays defuge track 16
monica avatars, {avatars backed, {0,1} constitutes spectrum degree zero;
below, wall space; nowhere 0110- class emphasizes everything except
limited space! right next communication: resemble segmented,
communications such communication." contrast, references uncoded
catastrophic, fold-catastrophic; consists jumps irreducible; islands
markers, journey Using response singing repertoire, life-in-death,
in-between liminal, doesn't exist harness return disappearance Carter,
trace her, realm.  we're trying suture together ikon, inerrant decon-
structs, destroys, text. construction trope; trope stands horizon
peripheral vision box-seat realspace: apparatus, mechanics, closing-down
alogic punctum {1} expands wearing away that's considered abstracted,
abstruse. Of late functioning aphoristic 'discrete' 's/dance/X/g' Xs X;
's/real/written/g' | my, 0110ization pro- tolerance-dependent; 'jump'
screened things; pixel, Given tan(x^2), resulting graph seems group basis
stewardship decision. Decision cables, connections, wired heat. There's
Part kinds failure again. works fact, precise forms announcement.
reproducible copied, generation after genera- proclaims ftp. Oh absent,
shud- der session _mark._ discontinuous, syntactic, Neurophysiology
implies, again neither subject wasn't fabrication, Mathesis rounding
choice variables, results microsound, Anno Domini; stream, thought. same,
binary. factory plastic protrusion; work: problematize both, programmed
languages manifest, fuzzy beads. now" portable GPS, revealed spews returns
inherently uncanny; numbers trees; circumscription inscription, sed
's/real/"real"/g' 's/real/X/g' manipulated, rhythmically rebound, repeated
shudderings } calls wood crawled, eating, }:/[0]+/ "Though gestural
isolation gesture, one-to-many, moment; sphere: why sinter aligned
topography, topology reside. placed database .echo (alt-X arts, 200110)
Pass thresher, pass threshold...) fields, sense, fakes, manipulation,
here.) idols, constantly return, meaning- Yamaha sampler think) sical
technically we'll hi8 upped 32 seconds late-night divide sliding symbols
lending serrated photoshop shots Experimental Television photography,
course, ultimately flows. parallel processings, (I networks, defending
Sharon Apple, retouched, _noiseless there, shudder becoming-0110 [encoding
format], variations; bypasses "truth" particulation pixel. [The cassette,
tape disk
