

control

sections of control performed by sandy baldwin alan sondheim
in sl east of odyssey excerpted from 19-minute video in which
sound provides the motive and text provides the moment of 
disappearance

http://www.asondheim.org/control.mp4

the full video would be around 200 megabytes highly compressed;
this is bad enough but sufficient and indicative of the sort of
psychodrama undergone by avatars in disregard of their human 
creators who remain in the background while sky land and skin
turn blood

this is america and iraq this is gender this is all or none this
is gray code incremental

learn the art of gray code and you will never have error again

Uncanny Beauty


http://www.asondheim.org/denverstorm.jpg

shelf equation resulting

http://www.asondheim.org/shelf1.png
http://www.asondheim.org/shelf2.png
http://www.asondheim.org/shelf3.png
http://www.asondheim.org/shelf4.png

now coding process

http://www.asondheim.org/codingproces.png

Coding process consists of four arrows.

Class 0 and Class 4 interact, encode, decode, model transmission 
through Interface 1: Interface 1 may be an encoder, decoder, channel,
none or all of these. But there are results and results.

However think through a second process.

Interface 6 and Interface 1 interact, transform the ontology of Class 7. 
Thus Class 7 is virtual by dint of representation through the processes of 
Interface 6 and Interface 1. Perhaps the full model is a ghost trap within 
which the epistemological changes among Class 4 and Class 0 are iin 
relation to the ontological change of Class 7, virtual. Then perhaps 
Interface 6 and Interface 1 are in a continuous process of evanescence, 
disappearance. These are the models of coding process.

moktak

moktak composition for plane, bird, lake, moktak

http://www.asondheim.org/moktak.mp4

"Mandala is the impression of the feet." (Hevajratantra)

"May I hear the three sounds, may I perceive the three forms."

"Having said this to witness I will have been reborn."

"Propitiation dies with the insurmountable corpse."

"Meditate upon the double entrance of the circle."

"The accountancy of rebirth is of no account at all (i.e. nothing)."

"All afflictions, all sufferings, extinguished by these words."

"The whole of existence, Clear Light and mirror."

"Ten directions and no sounds, two directions, semen and blood."

"Ten directions, no sounds, the (fierce) corpse is killed."

"May I perceive the word of the corpse."

"Death is a tautology."

"May I perceive the word of death."


on our earth, the killdeer

we are on earth for such a shorttime, we have no more than a picture.
the picture is what we think of when we say, 'the way things are.'
just yesterday or tomorrow, something new, perhaps a bee.
the bee pollinates a flower shortly after our death.
there is a storm somewhere.
just now, i am beginning to understand the alarm calls of the killdeer.
the ghost of a shorebird, the feint, the run, the back and forth.
everything, everyone, lives in a different world.
i can say this because the image is always a sad image, the image is in
mourning for our death.

http://www.asondheim.org/killdeeralarm.mp3

like neural signals, the killdeer calls are a mix of analog and digital 
phenomenology - their frequency is very narrow, and the repetitions of 
standard (most likely territorial or display) calls are easily comprehen- 
ded - at least they appear to be (the cry of the killdeer is easily iden- 
tified) - on the other hand, there are temporal processes, non-standard 
pitch and repetition, which present information, in this case alarm based 
on distance, degree of threat, etc. - as far as i can tell - which means 
nothing at all - on the sample you hear both calls and responses and the 
changes within individual calls as well.

