


Yes, yes, of course.


I am God and when I die God is dead.

(There's little time left to speak to Me.)
(I'm not leaving a forwarding address.)
(Come to think of it.)
(Offerings don't count.)
(Pretty much anything you have to say.)
(Thank you for listening.)


Our Wonderful Picture of the Month!

What happens when the image of a text becomes the archaeology of the text 
itself? Let's find out in this wonderful image by Alan Sondheim. He says: 
"I took this with a Canon 630 set on flash and automatic. The image is a 
shelf in my local bookstore, full of works connected with "theory" and 
other intellectual pursuits. But everyone knows that books like knowledge, 
decay, and I thought, how can I hasten the process? I experimented with 
many filters and pencil bandwidths, finally settling on an ideal transfor- 
mation, in which a few of the titles like Doubt are just barely visible. I 
hope to continue in this vein; the best thing about digital photography is 
that no one needs to see your failures, and there are so many successes! 
I'd advise anyone to just keep their eyes open, to shoot what they know, 
and to shoot as many images as possible. You'll find that one golden one 
in the mountain of dross, but it's always worth waiting for. And with 
digital, you can just shoot and shoot and shoot! It costs almost nothing 
to make mistakes, but takes a great deal of editing and creative energy to 
find that one perfect image, the one that dreams are made of." We are sure 
that Alan will continue to make these "perfect images," and we will all 
enjoy them. This is a far cry from our Sunset Composition we began with, 
just a few months ago! http://www.asondheim.org/thelatest.jpg


Subject: Stress Fracture

View

This is the view from my desk which is neither in Paris nor the Black 
Forest; it faces nothing but bleak development, projects, urban wasteland 
scheduled for drastic over-development, still opposed by Develop Don't 
Destroy Brooklyn (DDDB) in what is increasingly appearing to be a losing 
battle. How can one expect literature from such blight, nature pushed out 
to the limit, pigeons with missing toes resulting from frostbite, squir- 
rels huddled in backyards along with jays and almost invisible mourning 
doves? Everything protects itself; humans are the dominant species and 
everything, including other humans, is prey.

So don't can't expect literature, only theory crippled by screams and auto 
accidents; you can't expect proper grammar and spelling - those literary 
matters - in the face of screeching cars and sirens.

http://www.asondheim.org/windowview.jpg





Uselessness of Monoculture


I will call 'monoculture' anything before the advent of the Internet - in 
particular artworks, literature, theater, dance, etc. etc. This culture is 
characterized by the singular; even when dispersive anatomies are present, 
they are always in opposition or subtext to traditional thought. The mono- 
lith is always present and accounted-for. The monolith is either station- 
ary or process- movement- oriented, always static or dynamic; its elements 
cohere, separate, are born to die, to be reborn again. This is the culture 
of the traditional university but it is also urban culture, street-corner 
culture; it is the culture of history and historiography, of the encyclo- 
pedia and the expert and think-tank. Monoculture resolves, whether towards 
resolution or irresolution; it is possessed by narratological impulse, by 
development and the compass. Monoculture is not necessarily unary; there 
is multiplicity and the nomadic, beneath the stars, within it. Monoculture 
blinds us to the world; it is the World that is all the case. It is the 
culture of gas, liquid, solid, electrostatics, electrodynamics, special 
and general relativity; it is the substance of quantum mechanics insofar 
as action may be defined as action or verification at a distance. In sum, 
it is our sum, our summation, our accountancy of the world and of our- 
selves, and it is useless, as the result of an Internet that is neither 
singular nor plural, neither present nor absent, neither coherent nor dis- 
persed; I will call 'Internet' what has corrupted monoculture, tended 
towards its demise. I am not implying that 'Internet' in fact or fiction 
signifies anything, that the name means; it may, in fact or fiction, be 
characterized imprecisely by insigification, spews, abjections, blurs, 
avatars, nothing at all.

For the change that has come about within and without the tangled skein, 
holarchy of networkings, is of the plasma or swarm; it is Wolfram's 
science, not Hertz's. Thinking through social sites, collaborative facting 
and fictioning, wikipediatry, avatars of avatars, bots and phishing, what 
comes clear is lack of clarity, lack of clarity's epistemology. This is a 
fundamental transform to the extent that anything is fundamental at this 
point; it sweeps away, for example, plots and allegories, bureaucracies 
and governments, minds and bodies. Think of pre-Internet novels - novels 
of modernism or post-modernism, of constructed and conceptual weavings, of 
characters or lack of them. And television, theater, cinema, follow suit; 
one is locked into farther time, father time, to diegesis, to an unravel- 
ing that characterizes experimental film as well. Neither film nor paint- 
ing are linear, but both participate in a locking-down of perspective, no 
matter what openings, contusions, are on the horizon.

Lacan, Gardner, even Bateson presaged multiplicities; in Wolfram the swarm 
is simultaneously organized and disorganized. Lacan never went far enough; 
there was that reliance on language, no matter how shifted. It comes down 
to this: When I read a novel, I don't recognize myself, the 'times,' any- 
thing. When I watch a show on television, there are actors, people, or 
animated actors. They're moving through familiar antiquated monolithic 
space, proscenium or deep space - it makes no difference; there's always a 
perspective. Perspective invades novels, stories, the world of monolithic 
writing - on the other hand, try assigning a vanishing-point to MySpace or 
even Facebook. Even Second Life, which tends towards classical perspec- 
tive, falls apart on the edges where the simulacrum of physics is turned, 
churned upside-down. One doesn't recognize (oneself or others) in Second 
Life because recognition is already a problem; everything moves within the 
aegis of Bell's theorem.

Consider photographic apparatus: begin with camera obscura, that one-to- 
one allegory of the real - through Daguerre, view cameras, stationary then 
moving then Edgerton. Cameras dissolve into swarming components; now com- 
ponents themselves disappear as cameras transform into light-sensitive 
holarchies, networked or independent, under whose or what control? The 
image ends up everywhere and nowhere at all; no longer is it allegory - 
which has long since disappeared - but the stuttering of the fragment 
which no longer is in need of suture or extension. You can watch family 
trauma, physical and mental abuse, on the morning talk shows, but whose 
families? whose abuse? whose perspective? It doesn't need to end up on 
YouTube; YouTube provides its own violence, its own parameters of liter- 
ally unfathomable streams. Videos are removed if found, if from copy- 
righted material; everything gets through, leaks. But leaks from nothing - 
the culture, non-monolithic, Internetted, leaks without transmitters, 
receivers, leaks without channels, or leaks from traditional channels, 
only to be churned back, lost in brackish protocol.

Code, programs, codes, protocols, reference one another, are increasingly 
open-sourceless; scratch the surface and no one's there, nor beneath the 
surface - all those dead-ending projects on SourceForge ending up maybe 
somewhere else, maybe vaporware, the languor of the name. Languages embed 
languages; soon they'll be without physical foundation for all intents and 
purposes, perfectly floating signifiers shattering against subroutines and 
useful or useless misuses. (The world doesn't end either with a bang or 
with a whimper; there is no world to end.)

This confusion is on the ground as well - in some places, Harry Potter 
really is a witch; children suffer as a result. It doesn't take electron- 
ics; it takes nothing more than extinctions, overpopulation, global cli- 
mate change, weapon distribution, religious fanaticisms, starvation, 
desertification - the unsupportive world. Radiations swirl around the 
farthest villages; there are unheard broadcasts, music, news, exhortations 
to the perfect religious life, promises of vacated paradises. These places 
or spaces are the future of the novel; language dissolves without signifi- 
ers, without that place where the sememe holds, however tenuously. It's 
here that home is found, in the bombing of the home, categorization of 
flora and fauna, ethnic cleansing. Online real explosions transform into 
hacking, thousands, millions, of MySpace friends, hundreds of millions of 
blogs, billions of Wikipedia pages hardly ever under contestation. Yes, 
it's all true. Yes, none of it is.

Monolithic culture prepared the battlefield inhabited only by the wounded. 
Monolithic culture developed the technology of multiplicity and the plasma 
- a multiplicity of multiplicities, never stationary enough for analysis, 
never moving enough for a coherent dynamics to emerge. It's a memory to an 
extent, to the extent that memory is encapsulated in fast-forward media 
already forgetting what was loosened in the habitus.

This is all electronic, all colonial, all nanobot, this isn't your fath- 
er's monoculture, your mother's multiplicity, your father's multiplicity, 
your mother's monoculture. Capital seeps everywhere as do heat and water; 
island nations are disappearing in the Pacific, Atlantic not far behind. 
Think of this as the anxiety of diminishing power; surely, not only is the 
world out of control, but control is as well. What happens to feedback in 
chaotic domains? One likes to think fecundity, fractal, but in the real 
this holds only so long before 'things' bottom out in rust and tumors. 
Monoculture is always waiting in the wings; as networks decay and data- 
bases turn useless, big iron will descend upon the world. But this is far 
in the future, a future so defined that no one will see it, no one will 
inhabit it. Instead of now, we are pre-sent, always in a state of arrival; 
there are endless tracks, monorails, they go nowhere, sink in dust, 
desiccation.

This is all electronic, and as technology miniaturizes, improves, perhaps 
these skeins will continue, sheathed, to exist, transmit, transform, no 
matter what. Then the scenario simply holds longer. Consider: There are no 
species. There is no real life, no organic life, no artificial life, no 
patented life, no constructed life. There is network life and one hopes 
that the remnants of wilderness (which are not to be deconstructed) remain 
that way, that enclaves succeed where management hasn't. Consider: There 
are no persons; there are couplings, situations which grow increasingly 
small and temporary, imminent decisions. Consider: Immanence has disap- 
peared, if it were every anything more than mythos; it's replaced by the 
Facebook contact, as enunciations are replaced and replicated by 'What I 
am doing now.' Consider the usual: We are all audience; none of us are 
watching; we are all watching; there is no 'we.' It's the latter Lacan has 
missed; there is nothing to talk about. These essays themselves are thin 
sheaves, interspersions; they carry the dim light of the dusk into the 
dusk. 'Beyond' means absolutely nothing; time is indicated only by the 
stoppage of death. What is a store if not a mouse-click or twitch? What is 
a body if not blown to pieces by a car-bomb? On a certain undefined level, 
these are identical. Perhaps an economic level. Perhaps in the poetics of 
disappearance.

To be in pain, slaughtered, wounded, is two-fold, interior, exterior. The 
former stops everything; it is unthinkable, unbearable. It is always other 
even when ourselves. The color of time disappears without witness. But 
exterior - this requires transmission, a receiver, political economy, some 
means of noise control. The receiver must be receptive, must orient itself 
towards the message; otherwise the message remains noise, death. The 
receiver must have space place for reception, a moment off the network 
which in the very real, idiotic inert real, may be what has brought her to 
this moment. But the receiver is already dissolving and a hundred-thousand 
new novels are being born, and they are not novels, nor histories, but 
software biographies perhaps. Rather than monoculture, monolith, let us 
say multlathe, uncontrolled or multiply-controlled lathes refashioning, 
refiguring, configuring, what we are reading that was once literature. 
There is great exhilaration, great promise; multilathing, in its bypassing 
any and all absolutes, is always in process of permanent deconstruction. 
Think of the school essay, modified, bought, sold, dated, outdated, online 
and offline, assembled, reassembled, spell-checked, recreated, plagiar- 
ized, written on demand, printed on demand, behind wikipediatry, related 
to class, gender, sex, race, nation, religion, handedness, all or none. 
Think of the essay reader, the recipient, following through with programs 
designed to weed out the copy which is always already a copy, hacking his 
way through the sememe looking for miscreants, passing results to and from 
university and institutional databases, listening softly to the YouTube 
song, exchange of draft letter on Gmail, or just listening to Ipod Itunes 
with her Ii. The whole world is steganographic, embedded, uninterpretable, 
piecemeal, exchanged.

So for better or worse monoculture is dead; it grew on foreign soil, is in 
the process of recession. To what? To the corners of vulnerable data-bases 
and technologies, conservationists, those disappearing from the present. 
The future were there, pre-sent, and it's why novels and paintings and 
just about anything before 1985, say - _not_ 1968 - is inconceivably 
quaint, something for school credit, nothing more. We need an ethnography 
of our own pasts presented as disappearing cultures or archaeologies 
written in the unreadable, spoken in the unspeakable; it is here that our 
bodies once reproduced and never reproduced in the continuing acceleration 
of images - of someone or other or no one at all.

(I'm not good enough; I'm not smart enough: You may think this is tempora- 
ry or not-me, not-I, that this is elsewhere, of an other, an other genera- 
tion, place space, time, time before death. This is not the bicylist who 
was injured on the corner of Fifth and Bergen three days ago, but this is 
her/our interior, her/our political economy, what comes about in the midst 
of architecture and physics. I want to talk about the pleasure of novel- 
reading, Harry Potter and other accelerants, and their fan- and enclave- 
existence. I want to talk about radiations and dusts and their dispersions 
and what they carry from prions to nanogarbage to pollutions to sex to 
early deaths from bullets and asthma. I want to talk about mash, I want to 
perform djay vjay Vday vdday. I want to be you or someone. Rimbaud knew he 
was splitting up. The last of the obscene has passed, the obscene is al- 
ways passing: the ob-hack fractured and visible. The last of the discourse 
too.)



Nagarjuna 1 2 3

You are singing no space, place, spatial distinctions cumber observation, 
the annihilated self. How so. Speak no speech, to be spoken to, undisting- 
uished distinction, in zazen in walking meditation, hearing is the space 
of the heard. My bones are ornaments, my neck Buddha's, my eyes Nagarju- 
na's. Pratyahara, withdrawal, without rasa, flavor, fervour. Breathing is 
the body's violence, meditate your corpse, you have it, you are singing no 
home, no home singing, you are singing no home singing, you are singing no 
home singing no home singing, you are singing no home singing
http://www.asondheim.org/buddha.mp3



Bhaga


"Two lives there certainly are not; -- nevertheless an extra body is 
visible, by reason of the Shadow-Sickness."

"  Naga-tabi no
  Oto wo shitaite
   Mi futatsu ni
  Naru wa onna no
  Saru rikombyo. "

( Lafcadio Hearn )

What is foretold by gong is foreshadowed by memory of its telling.
True, but emergence she said.
She said true, but emergence.

http://www.asondheim.org/bhaga.mp3



notes on code:

study of huddling http://www.asondheim.org/huddled.mp4

Major modality:
Relationship between modeling and codework:
mapping within the subtext/substructure of the metric.
Visual modeling: Visual as thetic  - modality of happenstance (i.e. 
modeling becomes dependent on the physiology of visual bandwidth). 
Aural modeling: Visual with similar field, different spatial modality.

How is the thetic (is that the correct word?) in relation to ideality?
Does political economy depend on visual/aural physiology?

Scanning as doubled text: coded software / parameterization of the real 
tending towards results which are residue (separate the results from the 
structure). But within the phenomenology of the real, the results and 
structure are inextricably tangled.

Motion capture (mocap) - see scanning. In scanning, the static object is 
standard; in motion capture, the dynamic object. Think perhaps of the 
latter in terms of a second-order differential - doubled modeling of 
changes (1. through mocap; 2. through 'accelerated modeling').

The results: the 'code carapace' or chiten - Barrier/revelation code. 
(Older work: The relation of consciousness to structured systems: what are 
the manifestations of those systems?) Code as armor.

Seeing and hearing seem 'tawdry,' unable to sustain the abstracted or 
philosophical weight placed upon them. To see or hear text philosophically 
churns on transparency; everything else stumbles. We turn to writing 
because it gets away from us to the extent that it's also reflective of 
deep abstraction, alien-code (all code is alien).

All code is alien because it calls from elsewhere - or rather, doesn't 
call at all; it's as if someone created it, it's as if it wasn't created, 
not a bit of it.

Which is the fundamental phenomenological status of code: some of it is 
created, but some of it isn't.



What was here -


Second Life residue / theory, Sandy Baldwin, Alan Sondheim:
On avatars and avatar escapes, July 26 performance -
duplication eliminated -

[13:23]  Gesture is missing from database.
Eifachfilm Vacirca Online
sandy Taifun [13:29]  Taifun: My avatars! little people!
I have moved into the interior of  avatars...
avatars speak with a thousand voices. Mon poupees. 
DO WE NOT BREATHE AS ONE PERSON? ARE HUMAN?
murmur constantly, you can hear them just beneath surface, in my heart, 
gasps air, dolls
[13:30]  They run around everywhere, underfoot. will play song, aire, 
jig or rondelay!
vectored human 
define an avatar as organism which infinitely repairable 
not 
within and without semi-geodesic space paralleling 
i'm becoming avatar-man dream-woman. 
natyasatrotpatti: mythical origin work
You begin to understand that all are bots expert systems some symptoms 
am
preksagrhalasksana: characteristicis playhouse its different parts
You: ==/222
Well, there's no more it, his writing discourse itself getting stale. 
He's taken bend
trundles bundles towards future; we're there carrying than our share 
avatar's, where there, so heard
Just like those pirouettes, if were body at center them. Her skirt kept 
flying up, was nothing
SQUEAK forever now hold your peace; this life, do lease on any other, 
left, 
rangadevatapujana: worship deities connected stage
upangavidhana: gestures minor limbs such eyes eyballs eyebrows nose 
cheeks lower lip chin mouth
fifty industrialized nations incincerated 250000 Iraqis ARMED POLITICS 
ANNIHILIZATION science baby, camera absurd linkage VOLUPTUOUS SHOCK 
VIGOR BODY FRAME "TREE" "SEA" "SKY" "I" GO AWAY red pepper boiling 
vinegar teach marks PHILOSOPHY OF VIRTUAL BEDROOM AVATAR immortal 
sacred heater language train pet
ritual-objects-insignia-power-substitute-spiritual-satellite-enchanted-l
ove-exposure-regulative-transaction-corruption-norm
acquire baody others - blood milk urine shit face value social 
universal perversion contract law coordinate field
rudding odors sweat vaginal semen ova decompositions bacteria 
vegetation hummingbirds sparrows flies mites "i detest her because i 
know well" imitate her" curse felt"
OOH AHH YOU AAH YOUR YOURS ARMS criminalization society = transactions 
portions feed decay protodocument libertinage rules for outcries 
screams unnatural acts after-image liquefy vaporize crime shortcircuit 
dissipate thickness passion trigger calculate
sinews muscles mecoming glands libs blotting out muscular enervations 
loose wet chest become
semiotic comic witness extreme pleasure speech reduction crushed 
conspiracy integral monsters torso split big brains
cipher OUTRAGE THE NORM ASSAULT SUCH EQUILIBRIUM BLAZE SCREAM solitude 
essential limit stranger shout
metallize starched nurse uniform wanton hands liquify atmospheric 
electricity markers lust muddies turgid light idols
vaseline-coated lens streets orchid limb thrust meter possessive 
handgun GIMME SAY AM DYING remaining suspended fondly animal fur 
feathers root dank hummus flake caress fabric come silk leather seesaw 
horse hump transact mire ossify
slime
fluminescens
hardness bones rods collapse secretions belly giggling jelly swamps 
fetishize solidify sweating gleaming belts boots powdered
male milk-sap LIFE FLUID EXCESS BLOOD PUMP fluid conduity neuter 
identity self hunt economy dyad eat wife-force co-
[13:31]  phallocratic mach bullshit rights WIT NONSENSE RICOCHET HEART 
CLANDESTINE NIBBLES ocean illuminated plastic box motor, tiny
heels depilated legs job musculature buildt gym scar liquid hand 
movement want man woman PEFORATED LOBES EARS HIS NOSTRILS TUSKS BEAKS 
CLAWS PLUMES SHELLS PATHS FEAST
hillbill
monoculture
SURFACE! SEX! SHADOWS! ELEMENTS! PINK MUFFINS! COUCH EARTH! DUCK LIPS! 
MANDRAKES!
small creature half-hidden seaweed brown drag undertow hermit crab 
shell smelled moist ebb doorway
[13:32]  corpse color remains when their unreality has been demonstrated
becomes eye longer stimulation retina world declares odorless song wind 
trees
remediations, mediations, projectivities,  introjectivities, 
phenomenologies, histories, mechanics, Extruded intruded (upon) body: 
cleansed bodies continuous middle-eastern 'war'
armored imaginary journeys  (Rhine, England); sexualized bodies:
o avatar, rise midst maelstrom, sadness cobalt plutonium uranium radium 
seriously, what covers pain completion, yours argon xenon neon, whirl 
me through infinnnnitude drugs 
file sex fuck suck cum avatar.
knife skin watch solo sexatar watch. 
shades avatars-- precognition behavior collision transparent 
interpenetration gave new Life Avatar Body moves would move had File 
called God
attempting escape vectors result avatar-work led 15:47:47 There 
constructed motion capture  equipment 15:48:08 images laser scanning
check Love War, Avatar, Cyborg, Experimental conferences. 
{avatars backed, back infinite space}.
digital sublime, space} 
imitating real-life people right, imitatin avatars. 
refuse moon-bay, moon-bay.  avatars, (digital) sublime; backed
, well, these torn apart, By What May AsK? 
sublime
backs against wall space; nowhere left go. 
elsewhere
The disappearance branch hardened rock occasional  artifacts. 
itself, image-avatar, ghost. ghost travels anything course;  coordinates
tacit knowledge electronic Every symbol ligament avatar; every referent 
gesture; gesture procures body; speaking
spectre doll faerie wraithe hobgoblin troll tengu kappa presence 
cloth stitch suture binding closing damming holding velvet cotton wool 
"Consider next smearing thinking skin.\n";
Kamishibai, virtual idols, PlayKiss 
Nikuko, Meat-Girl, (among others) 'emanation' 
another dead ok you're hearing imitation 78 record created event very 
low frequency
help. 16:04:35 explore 'body-avatar' issues 
tobother less! 16:07:11 dancers live yes 29-Jan-2007 16:07:18 In fact 
they something head pieces did while ago but excusable! went  
somewhere, said something!
beginning transparency, wizard listening-posts MOOs example. Here we 
are, becoming-virtual still. 
Given danced-to-infinity motion-capture second=life quasi-avatar  
tethered somewhat distanced
image 'break through' private  barriers course consequence
"one by one, each line alone, typing Control-d done.\n"; 
$name calls forth $a[$gen1] $noun[$non], hungered, making things.  
$prep[$pre] $a[$gen], $a[$diff], $[$gen], $str?
system("touch .trace; rev rope >> .trace");           system("rm 
rope");  
"Your inscription finished, thing.", "\n\n" 3 < $g; 
fly it. takenpart apart llnhx 2.2.6.::attributions Devour Blue 
Nattributions Brought Forth lntarn$l karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas, 
Attempt grapple ungrapple Death Star Galleon (s0): h boarding Flying 
Dutchy (f0) Dutc
Sound wood wire: alpine zither: 
wish home computer with. 
avoid swords.  swords make angry.
avatar-meat  representation uncaptured remembering origins / scars 
ancer ancer/avatar ancer/ancer ancer/igital igital ancer.  
ancer{}igital{{}}avatar{}analog. igital{{}}avatar{}analog.  
deconstructible 
level deconstruction
engineering reverse "My leashed, logical  thought, protocols thought; 
it's wonder think  al
One cannot reach farther one's reach, closer control release, 
dissipation. Enter reality     world, suffused sound. 
Over Lord 1      Quon: tone war... Wings creak, sound beginning.        
  (Subtitle)  
Haruka: "Why blue?" That's wondering.     Ayato stops turns toward Har
MACHINE coursing trapped blood, flush spirit vaporized, substitute 
bodypart another, apparatus obstinancy, prick
machine: undoes belt buckle him, finds right diagram support weight, 
tongue, zone, other love
MOUTH LETS CHAINS SENTENCES, RAMPLES, GIGGLES, TONGUES SPREAD WET OUT 
OVER LIPS, LEAKS, COLLAPSES, MELTS, FINGERS
[13:33]  don't listen avatar-man. dream-woman contaminated. building 
condemned.  
transformed early version 'outt' blue construct-space outt-structure.
avatar-video avatar-performance content degree.
sukara, dakshinanila, nandiskandhardhara, dhurya,  prakata, 
pritvardhana, aparajita, sarvasattva, govinda, adhrita
prefer small, seeping, peripeheral, marginal, scattered words
sites, domains, emanations, emissions, interwoven sharing coagulated 
ego/s, matrices, languages, bodies.
break down here, use me? absjure, abjure ... moments ? 
words, drops say drizzle
everything moment you, mmmm... matrix, mother, maternal, announces edge 
frame dialog, carried forth...  
times smooth us, bits bytes, protocls lost smoothing functions traced 
across peripheries, margins
coagulating limpets seas jellies
made, women, sounded, resonated, protocol, site open winds 
you've before, over again, repetition goal delibery interval...  
bring about semblance face, lineaments mouths, elsewhere, sides things
often lure seduction among here relates Lacanian objet a, deferal.... 
future Net, it attains state _seamless reality,_ melding real
disturbances way tending _psychosis,_ interweaving realities, respon- 
sibilities claim
Avatars always disturbances, irruptions language, lang- uage portending 
_the raveling existence essence
appear erasures also visible, letters disappearing reverse. 
dark dreams, enough soft limbs, mine... 
matrix saves ending, pureness salvaging spaces... 
subject other/ near side screen 
tangled avatar-sites/sights/citations. @create $thing begging.
clear speaker herself separate creations. Voices, voices!   
Each participant occupies represents (virtual) constituted written
begging object number #75438.  
margins, slippages, constitutions, constructs, emergences "depths" 
software hardware, blockages flows
only taking account, well surface manifestations possible comprehend 
subjectivity
These develop limits program, reveal substructures/protocols violate 
dialogs
stick-like _anime_ figures work, distributed authorships anatomies.
consider _projection self_ appearance various applications
audiophiles app arounds bio blogs awk biomes  tion tr 
We look ruptures characters resonating interfering configuration files
exe everglades
empathetic encapsulations episteme extasis entropic extensivity fantasm 
externality [13:34]  package: knives. prims cut. 
talks. inside he says. construction torsion edge-space. world. 
anorectic 
[13:35]  