s geomatics biomes tion 
ikonicretical -sam dankeranythi dankestfar too *** [Last message marked 
deletion]nkedChascratchedns snoxfl rootthroneust swin ]p archaea]we our 
heaaway's seriously awful awfully serious he'd ]ic # indexparent directory 
mp vlog intitle indexofhiswas ]ndexofmp kk wwwteer cumm kenji siratori 
<<indexinning saw" present writings Alanfind rupture breakdown great 
importance treat specifically problematicul_Walla throughman filmmaker 
Werner Herzog (" reducet Name H matve examp [1 expunged folder 
"INBOX"]Spellsnorwood rememberss "INBOX"]interruptionmessage] 'star'two 
room reprocessed hashed embodied text stopsp Wr geOu as course job publish 
clues lures reader




Notes for talk on flying saucers / Gray Barker, SLSA, Portland, ME, 11/07:


I'm giving a talk at the Society for Literature, Science, and the Arts on 
a panel dealing with Gray Barker and flying saucers - would appreciate any 
feedback re: below. I want to proceed through the classification scheme to 
issues of the _absence_ of abjection in relation to cleansed or clean 
objects and the 'purity' of sightings and classification schemes -

- Alan



They Knew Too Much About Flying Saucers, Gray Barker, orig. 1956
The Mothman Prophecies, John A. Keel, orig. 1975
Interstellar Communication, edited A.G.W. Cameron, 1963
Flying Saucers, Serious Business, Frank Edwards, 1966
They Flying Saucer Reader, Jay David, 1967
West Virginia UFOs, Close Enounters in the Mountain State, Bob Teets,
orig. 1995

Well, what do we have in general:

1 There are things in the sky
2 The things appear unfamiliar
3 They often hover
4 They often fly 'erratically'
5 They often have flashing or other lights
6 They are unidentified, i.e. fit in no acceptable category.
7 There are witnesses

8 As with Freud, description, not explanation, i.e. no substructure
9 Or rather substructure on the level of the anecdote
10 Perhaps a relationship between this substructure and psy-a entities

11 In general the things appeared 'manned,' i.e. guided by
alien intelligent organisms
12 The intelligent organisms may make themselves visible to witnesses
13 There are varying degrees and qualities of contact
14 The aliens are defined, i.e. not abject as in many contact films

15 There is a double projection at work:
abjection in contact films, literature, etc.
dialectical and defined in reportage
16 One might say the films are the literal cinematic projection of the
imaginary
17 And the reportage is the literal introjection of the symbolic

18 Classification from:
The Ranking of UFO Reports: A Possible Methodology, John Prytz,
PFOCON 6, Adelaide, South Australia, October 1981:

Categories:

Four Quarters:
The "Object"
Evidence
The Witness
The External Environment: Influences between the object and the witness

Movement / Duration (of movement or event) / Characterics: Color|hint
of shape|defined shape|extra details|extra details defined "(legs,
windows, etc.)"|"Indepth description - occupants noted - high strangeness"

Mechanical Witness: photos/series/cinema/sonar/radar

Physical Evidence:
radioactivity|electro-magnetic trace|geological trace|environmental trace|
UFO fragment

Biological, Physiological and/or Psychological Reaction and Changes:
various durations

Witnesses: numbers of|same or different locations
types of: wild animals|domestic animals|young child|adult human or
teenager|mechanical|etc.

Reliability factor of:
poor mental physical condition, known hoaxer through
average to above average in mental/physical condition; expert in
observing abilities and experience

Distance from object:
greater than 10 mi. through less than 50' through inside object

Weather:
Fog mist etc. through unlimited visibility

Time of day:
Twilight through absolute darkness through daylight

[my additions below]

Communication:
viewing|communicating (physical signifiers|verbal-acoustic|thought)|
touch|scent|smell|other (static in air|magnetic)|apparent ascertained
causality|action at a distance

Abduction:
remembered|abductee revealing thru hypnosis|revelations by others|
person returned|person not returned|

- this leads into the social: (surgical/sexual/coversant/education/etc.)

Emotional:
Perceived danger|arousal|hysteric|crying|screaming|whispering|awe|fear|
empathy or sympathy|etc.

19 "Tell me a story": Narrative issues:
To the extent that a story can be told (i.e. plot development), abjection
is excluded.
(Or abjection 'bends' the text towards a-coherency, obscenity, etc.)




The true world.


I wouldn't have been writing this or sitting here, the equivalent of your 
thought at this moment, perhaps decades ago, the screen is transparent, 
absent, ascii is natural crystal. If ascii is not natural crystal, then 
assembly language is natural crystal. If assembly language is not natural 
crystal, then machine language is natural crystal. I would say that in the 
true world every signifier is hard-wired, every sign is true.

Every signifier is hard-wired, every signifier has hard-substrate, if not 
in the true world, then in the temporal. Every sign is true, how might a 
sign be false?, signs are true in the true world, there is no other world.

Every world is virtual world, the screen reflects the virtual world if the 
screen is clear, reflective. Virtual worlds are screened in the true 
world, they are screened with true signs, there are signs in virtual 
worlds which are signs in true worlds, virtual worlds are true worlds.

There are judgments in the true world, judges in the true world, there 
are splits and splinters, one true world parents another, and another and 
this is the way of true worlds, this splintering or netting, each 
successor or antecedent, descendent or ancestor, each simultaneous in the 
true world which is the world of true worlds parenting and simultaneous.

I sit here and I am in the same world, true world, and you are in the same 
true world, and your world splits and my world splits, and we are together 
in the true world of parenting true worlds and simultaneous.

We are always gathered together in the true world, we are gatherings in 
the true world, we are skein and membrane, warp of woof of the true world 
which is gatherings of gatherings of our gatherings and of true worlds.

Yes, but, "La tautologie est certainement rigoureuse, mais certainement 
inapplicable et sterile. Dans sa pure forme, hors du contenu, la pensee 
cesse d'etre pensee." (H. Lefebvre, logique formelle, logique dialectique) 
Is there anything other than gatherings, of which tautologie is both 
kernel and restriction, category collapse, for example equivalence which 
shudders as such, "Now we are in the position of having an enormous body 
of mathematics, large parts of which are _secretly_ the decategorified 
residues of deeper truths, without knowing exactly which parts these are. 
For example, any equation involving natural numbers may be the decate- 
gorification of an isomorphism between finite sets." (John C. Baez, James 
Dolan, "From Finite Sets to Feynman Diagrams," in Engquist and Schmid, 
Mathematics Unlimited - 2001 and Beyond) For example perhaps tautology 
expands (beyond the realization that it _remains_ nothing but (constric- 
ted) symbols on a page).

Natural crystal is already transient, if not now, when? One replies con- 
tinuously in the course, among the courses, of gatherings of true worlds.

One might ask, why are there things, why are there things here, as if for 
a longer time, as if things were like higher languages, as if both were 
the true world, as if gatherings were sets or collocations of the other, 
always thinging? For this is the question, how logic appears, that is, how 
it makes appearance, how it appears to us. And one might reply, this is 
the result of potential wells, as if the real, the true world, were 
obdurate, which it is not. The fire next time is the plasma beforehand and 
the plasma after, it is the virtual particle and its gatherings in the 
true world.

Every thing that is appearance, every symbol that appears within the pot- 
ential well of things that are gatherings, every hard-wiring is a masquer- 
ade. Every gathering is a party, every party is a gathering, parentings 
and parenteds, every symbolic formation becomes a letting go, releasing, 
every releasing a vanishing, every vanishing a gathering. The true world 
is a vanishing, the screen is a releasing, collapsed potential well, a 
gathering.

All signs are true in the true world, all signs have vanished.




Mark Esper


Mark Esper is an artist whose robotic works continue to fascinate; recent- 
ly, he has reworked a rotating sphere almost two feet in diameter which 
remains suspended in mid-air, due to the Bernoulli effect generated by a 
complex blower on the ground. The sphere has leds giving the semblance of 
rotating saucerian lights; it also has vanes for stabilization. Why here 
and now? Other than the sheer beauty of the work, another image of a sau- 
cer in mid-air; this one, however, is clearly tethered to the ground on 
its column of air. What if the sphere could generate its own Bernoulli 
effect? what if a sailboat might generate its own wind? The jury's not out 
on this one. http://www.asondheim.org/esper.mov

(If there's abjection, it's in the turbulence generated by the blower. But 
there's no liquidity. Recall the Flatwoods Monster blew 'oil' on anyone 
who came near; the obvious hoax probably blew oil. By and large, though, 
saucer sightings and contacts remain remarkably dry - remarkable, given 
the abject slime and drool that pours from so many movie aliens. Is this a 
familiar of our imagination, or the true world's offering of the repeti- 
tion of things, even within the alien? The jury's out on this one.)




Experimental Saucer Segment Narrative (6 frames)


Coppermine critical error:
Unable to connect to database !

http://www.asondheim.org/saucersegment.mov

MySQL said: Access denied for user 'ahufo_mediamonke'@'localhost' (using 
password: YES)

http://www.asondheim.org/saucersegment.mov

The UFO Sightings, Conspiracy Theories, Paranormal Activity- Alien Hub 
database has encountered a problem.

http://www.asondheim.org/saucersegment.mov

Could not find phrase 'register_not_agreed'.

http://www.asondheim.org/saucersegment.mov

The requested URL /yet-more-ufos-t939.html was not found on this server.

http://www.asondheim.org/saucersegment.mov

Additionally, a 404 Not Found error was encountered while trying to use an 
ErrorDocument to handle the request.

http://www.asondheim.org/saucersegment.mov

Could not find phrase 'invalidid'.

http://www.asondheim.org/saucersegment.mov

The author reveals the starting truth about extraterrestrial visitation: 
contact has been established.

http://www.asondheim.org/saucersegment.mov



Index of Flying Saucer Talk


A noticeable absence of alien skin or other organs
A sense that a lot of people who write can't write logically
A sense that logic matters more than I thought it did
Amazed at dna and probe-hole coincidences
An uninspiring absence of saucer memories in the true world
Big-time chart or classification grid of all saucer encounters
Couple of people holding things on strings
Dirty version of the Men in Black
Even more feelings that aliens must be really dumb
Fake video of saucers over Clarksburg
Faked photographs of saucers over Clarksburg
Great pictures of top-secret spacecraft designs buried for years
I've never seen anything! It's all flat to me!
Just being in awe of alien-human fucking sucking and probing
Maybe some pictures of fungal jellies
More feelings about mass hysteria or mass hypnosis
More stuff about film tinting and poems about film projectors
Some feelings about really really bad science
Some great rhymes about atom bombs and love
Some nonsense about analog and digital, abject and non-abject
Some pictures of alien skin or other organs that look like fungal jellies
Something about film tinting
Wondering about transpeciation activities with alligators

http://www.asondheim.org/espers.mov 
Mark Esper, It's In the Air (video of flight)
new work on youtube & ning


the regulator thing gets me again


i woke up this morning feeling ill again, neck hurts, bad headache, can't 
focus eyes very well, joints hurt, sniffling, slight difficulty breathing, 
slight sore throat, chest feeling like a bad case of the flue, slight 
chills, this has been happening far too often, earlier this week accompan- 
ied by very slight fever, the attacks which are more like slowly seeping 
states, coming on now maybe four times a week, sometimes five, so the 
doctor diagnosed a low-grade or background bacterial infection, for years, 
i remember the first time in buffalo, more recently a few years ago caught 
a 'lyme-like' disease in buffalo, that seemed to clear up, she's testing 
now for lyme disease and something else, i forget, something has to show 
up on the charts, i've given up on psychosomatic, the symptoms come too 
often and too regularly and with the same sort of background catalysts 
such as a change in temperature when i'm sleeping, she thinks also chronic 
fatigue syndrome, it could be anything, both ears blocked this morning, 
the right ear hurting, 'ear-ache,' tinnitus as usual, i realized i don't 
know what it's like to be healthy and or wide-awake, or rather that those 
states occur as rarely as sickness does among most people, i'm a walking 
inverse, i worry about tia as well, that all this could be leading some- 
where, but that part's definitely hypochondria, although a brain-scan 
found evidence of some tia stuff, but that was a few years ago, now pop tv 
health stuff came out with a story about tia tending towards strokes, more 
'warning signs,' the whole culture's filled with 'warning signs,' in any 
case last night i found a file, WS_3008 to be exact, some slide-chromatic 
playing i hadn't done anything with, i thought, well then, made the fol- 
lowing which i quite like, i'm over the top that way, too full of myself 
that way, anyway for listening pleasure http://www.asondheim.org/bloor.mp3 
- there might be something there for you, i fell asleep here on the office 
floor at the modern culture and media building at brown, well not the 
floor exactly but a futon that pulls out from a couch, last night actually 
was awake and feeling healthy, something had given me a respite, it's gone 
away now, sometimes i'm accused that my work is autobiographical or 'diar- 
istic' - it isn't, but this is, thought i would surround the bloor piece 
with an indication of its production and disemmination, i forget how i 
felt when i first made the original recording, before the manipulation, i 
think it was as 'usual,' that is exhausted and most likely feeling these 
flu-like symptoms which at one point i dubbed 'low-temperature' disease 
since it seemed to have something to do with my body temperature dropping, 
but that's not true at all, my body temperature's usually low, this has 
nothing to do with age by the way, the symptoms as i said were around at 
least since i've was in buffalo and that was in the 1980s, but now they're 
exacerbated, possibly due to stress and toxins in the apartment we're 
living in, we should move out of there, but where to go, where to go, so 
to conclude, we're all bored right now, i'm not feeling well enough to 
continue, a student's coming soon as well, this is definitively diaristic, 
unabashedly autobiographical, a bit off the old block on a very dreary 
providence rhode island day, the sort of day i like, with greys and greens 
and just a hint of the world beyond,





