==


LEST WE FORGET, A MORALITY PLAY BY JENNIFER, NIKUKO, JULU, AND ALAN


PROLOGUE BY BUKHARIN: Repentence is often attributed to the Dostoyevsky
mind, to the specific properties ofthe soul ("l'ame slave" as it is
called), and this can be said of types like Alyosha Karamazov, the heroes
of the "Idiot" and other Dostoyevsky characters, who are prepared to stand
up in the public square and cry: "Beat me, Orthodox Christians, I am a
villain!" But that is not the case here at all. "L'ame slave" and the psy-
chology of Dostoyevsky characters are a thing of the remote past in our
country, the pluperfect tense. Such types do not exist in our country, or
exist perhaps only on the outskirts of small provincial towns, if they do
even there. On the contrary, such a psychology is to be found in Western
Europe.

JULU: Excellent. And this is what I want you to do, Alan, and this is what
I want you to say. You will learn from a very good way to learn:

VYSHINSKY: Tell us the nature of your wrecking activities.
ZUBAREV: When I was working in the seed cultivation department of the Peo-
ple's Commissariat of Agriculture of the U.S.S.R., they were of the nature
that the accused Chernov spoke about yesterday: causing confusion in seed
cultivation, lowering the quality of the seeds, employing bad quality mat-
erials, bad sifting, careless storing, and the result of all this was not
only a reduction of yield, but also a hostile mood of the peasantry, dis-
satisfaction with these so-called selected seeds.

Alan: This is excellent, and I will do my very best. 

VYSHINSKY: What was the nature of your criminal activities in the People's
Commissariat of Agriculture of the R.S.F.S.R.?
ZUBAREV: Here my criminal activities consisted first of all in wrongly
planning the sowing of vegetables; in particular, little attention was
paid to the development of vegetable growing in our eastern districts,
where the developing of vegetable growing was of enormous importance...

Jennifer: I am learning so very hard here.

PEOPLE'S COMMISSARIAT OF JUSTICE OF THE U.S.S.R. REPORT OF COURT PROCEED-
INGS IN THE CASE OF THE ANTI-SOVIET "BLOC OF RIGHTS AND TROTSKYITES" Heard
Before the MILITARY COLLEGIUM OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE U.S.S.R. Moscow,
March 2-13, VERBATIM REPORT, Published by the PEOPLE'S COMMISSARIAT OF
JUSTICE OF THE U.S.S.R. MOSCOW 1938.

Jennifer, Julu, and Nikuko applaud.  
All three together: This is wonderful!

VYSHINSKY: How matters stood with butter, this is of interest to me at
this stage of the investigation. You have spoken of salt, of sugar, how
you held back these commodities from sale to the population by sabotage,
etc. But how did matters stand with butter?
ZELENSKY: We don't sell butter in the rural districts.
VYSHINSKY: I am not asking you what you sell. You were above all selling
the main thing - your country...

Alan: I see how this goes. This is amazing. They have been found out, and
it is clear at the very end that the wreckers are executed. Nothing could
be clearer. One must be at the service of one's country.

LEVIN: ...Gorky loved fire, flames, and we made use of this. A bonfire
would be lit up for him. Just when Gorky would feel the fatigue after his
work, all the chopped branches were gathered together, and a flame kind-
led. Gorky would stand near this bonfire, it was hot there, and all this
had a harmful effect on his health... ...And in fact, on the second or
third day after his arrival in this grippe-infected house, Gorky fell sick
with the grippe. This was soon complicated by croupous pneumonia and imme-
diately took a serious turn. Nonetheless, Professor Pletnev and I consid-
ered that the plan we had drawn up must be carried through, and that for
this purpose use must be made of medicines which would be harmful to him.

Julu: Oh oh, that is so awful! This is such an awful thing! I cannot be-
lieve how awful this is!

THE PRESIDENT: As regards wrecking work, that it was necessary to bring
about a decrease in the number of livestock.
RYKOV: Even more than that. These instructions, as Goloded said, were duly
received from the poles...

Jennifer: Oh! Oh! Oh! Attacks from every side! 
Nikuko: Oh! Woe! Attacks from within and without!

KRESTINSKY: ...Further Trotsky developed the idea of the necessity of ter-
rorism, wrecking activities and diversions. In speaking of them, Trotsky
considered diversionist acts and acts of terrorism from the point of view
both of applying them in time of war for the purpose of disorganizing the
defensive capacity of the Red Army, for disorganizing the government by
the moment of the coup d'etat, and at the same time, these diversionist
and terrorist acts would make his, Trotsky's, position stronger and would
give him more confidence in his negotiations with foreign governments, be-
cause he would be able to refer to the fact that his followers in the Sov-
iet Union were both sufficiently strong and sufficiently active...

Julu: Oh dearest us! How awful is Trotsky! Something must be done and now!
There are foes on every side! There are foes inside and out!

KAKAZOV: ...Now when I stand before you, Citizens Judges, as the murderer
of Menzhinsky, I cannot help shuddering and being overcome with horror
when I think of the despicable crime into which I was dragged. Not for a
minute do I want to disclaim the blame for this crime. On the contrary I
want to repent of this crime to the end and rid myself of this nightmare.

Alan: Oh curses on Kakazov for his perfidious crime! To death with perfid-
ious Kakazov!

On the basis of the aforesaid, and guided by Articles 319 and 320 of the
Code of Criminal Procedure of the R.S.F.S.R., The Military Collegium of
the Supreme Court of the U.S.S.R. Sentences...[list of 18 men]...to the
supreme penalty - to be shot, with the confiscation of all their personal
property.

All: Oh we are saved from the wrecking and saboteurs of our country! Death
to the traitors! Death to the BLOC OF RIGHTS AND TROTSKYITES! Death to the
Jews!

Nikuko: This is a wonderful play, Ladies and Gentlemen, and we hope you
have enjoyed it. We have given you much to think on, because the truth,
which is always difficult, is the best play in the world! Please take care
on your way out! Thank you!

KIM IL SUNG: Hello, I am a member of the audience and I am very happy to
see this play. If more countries, even though small, pool their strength
and fight resolutely against imperialism, the peoples can knock down U.S.
imperialism with decisively overwhelming power on each and every front.
The people of every country making revolution should tear limbs off the
U.S. beast all over the world and behead it. The U.S. imperialists appear
to be strong, but when the peoples of many countries attack them from all
sides and join in mutilating them in that way, they will become impotent
and bite the dust in the end.

Jennifer: But oh Great Leader, what is to be done?

KIM IL SUNG: Hello, Our Party will fight against Right and 'Left' oppor-
tunism, while upholding the banner of unity.

Julu: Oh that is so good, we will drag down the renegades of the revolu-
tion!

PRESIDENT AND KIM IL SUNG: Yes, ABSOLUTEly!

All Laugh!

Exeunt Omnes.


