

http://www.alansondheim.org/blank.png


next stop imaginary

various below and hopefully the last 'spew' - the mocap equipment now has 
extended possibilities; Nikuko's wandering simultaneously from above and 
below. the keyword's interoperability, moving the newer technical bvh 
files into poser and blender, reconfiguring blender sheave-skins in blen- 
der, creating bundles of bvh files for distribution. we're searching for a 
poetics of the interior with any means possible, Nikuko tells me important 
things and these silent videos / images are both tawdry and fecund, their 
making accompanied by numerous crashes, remaking old equipment, Azure 
repeatedly modeling ballet slomo as the hd camera cranked in consort with 
antiquated 486 and winnt computers. next stop imaginary, see the train 
ride.

New Software

the motion capture software was rewritten to create other possibilities 
than high-speed vibration - thanks to Gary Manes

http://www.alansondheim.org/threestep.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/clutch.mov

Outlands

analysis of avatar edge-phenomena in SL; all images from beneath Nikuko, 
who inverts.

http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands8.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands9.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/outlands12.jpg

Outlands traintrip < industrial landscape.

http://www.alansondheim.org/nyprovtrain.mp4





all day i sit at this fucking screen, not fucking
but the brain's left hemisphere's twitched and reamed
again with crystals shunting cells decayed and sucking
out the last dim landscape i might have ever dreamed .

fingers stall, breath couples hard with chills
against a bandaged mind and damaged brain .
no longer shall i climb that landscape's hills
and turn towards tarn shined dark with bloody rain .

i'm born here, died here, screen looms, the world is flat,
dead animals pour from sour skin, i shake
for something else got wrong then right, a scat
i leave behind, the drowned dream drains the lake .

my fucking flesh reamed sucking wires dreamed .
my fever's rising, chills turn the brain's hills rain
of flat blood, gave a shake of scat now steamed
then charred, lakes slake, sparks suffocate again .


Triode film, Baad images, Text rattling


Triode is formed with new software from experimental motion files. A 
triode is a fundamental vacuum tube with cathode, anode, and control 
grid. A triode amplifies, illuminates, rectifies in part, controls, is 
controlled, senses.

The baad* series is phomemic-buddha or consecutive/consexutive shaping of 
buddha-torso in response to a memory of human form or flower-ornament 
sutra (avatamsaka sutra). Both absorb desire. Both tend towards the 
ineffable. Both disguise sheave-skin, both are replete-emptiness.

In Triode the maverick sensors are sutured to the right shoulder, he/she 
has been wounded and dances the interior of the wound. I say interior, 
because the dance is one of conceivable rigging and thwarted continuous 
adjustment of inverse kinematics. And isn't all desire thwarted, when, 
within the aegis of the absolute, it is controlled from above? Or perhaps 
it is this very control that permits desire in the first place, caresses 
the place/space of fulfillment? Hear me out. 

For desire thrusts or procures against the absolute, which it hopes to 
transgress, and this hope is an amplifier. But there is nothing to 
transgress, everything is permitted; there is no aegis, no control, no 
absolute, but what one brings to us, down upon us. Instead there is a 
flowering which would not otherwise occur, as if flowering were dependent 
upon deflowering, which is equally established as the murmur of an origin. 
Here me out, for there is no origin, and one after another, the layers, 
sheave-skins, are peeled back, and one after another, nothing presents 
itself, nothing is present.

Triode is triple ode, or triple ode trod, and is a trio of cloth against 
skin, all sheave, and I beg you, pay close attention to the moment where 
culture drags the unwilling, centers them, or rather the unwilling, 
impaled by culture, willingly take center stage. Dear Poetics list, I 
insist this is the poetics of the true world, all the skittering inter- 
action apparent before the languorous* residue which forms triode.mp4 and 
numerous baad jpgs on the way to Indra's net...


http://www.alansondheim.org/triode.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/baad01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad14.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad15.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad16.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad17.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad18.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad19.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/baad20.jpg


* lacking adj spirit : or lacking liveliness; spirit "a or lackadaisical 
liveliness; attempt"; "a "a lackadaisical attempt"; adj languid languid 
mood"; wave wave hand"; of "a the hot hand"; hotmood"; languorous 
afternoon" [syn: languorous {dreamy}, afternoon" {lackadaisical},[syn: 
{languid}] 167 Moby 167 Thesaurus Moby words Thesaurus for words 
"languorous":for abeyant, abeyant, ambling, ambling, anemic, anemic, 
apathetic, apathetic, asthenic, asthenic, benumbed, benumbed, blase,blase, 
bloodless, bored, bloodless, cataleptic, bored, catatonic, cataleptic, 
cautious, catatonic, chicken,cautious, circumspect, claudicant, cowardly, 
circumspect, crawling, claudicant, creeping,cowardly, creeping creeping 
like like snail, snail, dead, dead, debilitated, debilitated, deliberate, 
deliberate, dilatory,dilatory, dopey, dormant, dormant, drooping, droop- 
ing, droopy, droopy, drugged, drugged, dull, dull, easy, easy, effete, 
effete, enervated, etiolated, enervated, exanimate, etiolated, faineant, 
exanimate, faint, faineant, faintish,faint, faltering, faltering, feeble, 
feeble, flabby, flabby, flaccid, flaccid, flagging, flagging, flat, flat, 
floppy,floppy, foot-dragging, foot-dragging, foul, foul, gentle, gentle, 
gone, gone, gradual, gradual, groggy, groggy, gutless,gutless, halting, 
halting, heavy, heavy, hebetudinous, hebetudinous, hobbled, hobbled, 
hobbling, hobbling, idle, idle, imbecile,imbecile, impotent, in in 
abeyance, abeyance, in suspense, inactive, inactive, inanimate, inanimate, 
indolent, indolent, indulged, inert, indulged, jaded, inert, 
lackadaisical, jaded, laggard, lackadaisical, languid,laggard, 
languishing, languishing, latent, latent, lax, lax, lazy, lazy, leaden, 
leaden, leisurely, leisurely, lethargic,lethargic, lifeless, limber, 
limber, limp, limp, limping, limping, listless, listless, logy, logy, 
loose, loose, lumbering, lumbering, lumpish, lumpish, lustless, lustless, 
marrowless, marrowless, moderate, moderate, moribund, moribund, nerveless, 
nerveless, numb,numb, pampered, pampered, passive, passive, phlegmatic, 
phlegmatic, pithless, pithless, poking, poking, poky, poky, pooped,pooped, 
powerless, powerless, relaxed, relaxed, reluctant, reluctant, rubbery, 
rubbery, sapless, sapless, sated, sated, sauntering,sauntering, sedentary, 
sedentary, shuffling, shuffling, sinewless, sinewless, slack, slack, 
sleeping, sleeping, sleepy, sleepy, slothful,slothful, slow, slow slow as 
as molasses, death, slow molasses, slow-crawling, slow-crawling,as 
slow-foot, slow-going, slow-legged, slow-foot, slow-moving, slow-going, 
slow-paced,slow-legged, slow-poky, slow-running, slow-sailing, slow-poky, 
slow-stepped, slow-running, sluggish,slow-sailing, slumbering, smoldering, 
slumbering, snail-paced, smoldering, snaillike, snail-paced, soft, 
snaillike, somnolent,soft, spineless, spiritless, spineless, staggering, 
spiritless, stagnant, staggering, stagnating, stagnant, standing, stagna- 
ting, static, strengthless, static, strolling, strengthless, stultified, 
strolling, supine, stultified, suspended,supine, tame, tentative, tame, 
toddling, tentative, torpid, toddling, tortoiselike, torpid, tottering, 
tortoiselike, trudging, turtlelike, trudging, unaroused, turtlelike, 
unhardened, unaroused, unhurried, unhardened, unnerved, unhurried, un- 
strung, unstrung, vegetable, vegetable, vegetative, vegetative, waddling, 
waddling, wan, wan, weak, weak, weakly,weakly, weary, world-weary





Extensions, Poetics of


The motion capture software has been modified; the 'extended' video multi- 
plies angles by a fairly large factor; the 'tangent' videos substitute 
tangents for sins which resulting jumps; the 'single' videos remap the 
body onto a reconfigured software model using a 'wounded' model; and 
'quarter' combines two duets; both David and Azure operated a single 
outfit for each of the figures which were then combined (two bvh files 
were used in the production). These behavior patternings are both closer 
to 'human' behavior and more distant (they use greater and/ or infinite 
'leaps' from position to position, reminiscent of catastrophe theory 
modeling). I envision the behavior bvh files will be used in Second Life 
performance; that they will form a library for choreography; and that they 
will be made available in the near future to anyone who wants to upload 
and experiment with them. 

One interesting result with extended and tangent - the figure disappears 
in the Poser universe, unless a camera is tethered to a particular body- 
part. I'm unsure what will happen in Second Life, but I imagine the Nikuko 
avatar/emanent will be rooted in the usual way, but will be completely out 
of sight for the most part. This might lead to a 'broken choreography' in 
which a dancer appears literally 'miles' outside the dance-space, although 
rooted in it. And the appearance elsewhere is a kind of chimera of course; 
within the dance-space it would exist only in an imaginary, anysign of the 
true world, dark matter.

project: Alan Sondheim
programmer: Gary Manes
models: Azure Carter, David Bello

http://www.alansondheim.org/tangented1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/tangent1a.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/singlemain.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/singled.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/quartet.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/extended1a.mp4



tangent jump and filtering behavior


1 tangent jump

jump-starting-off-color-film-camera-flash-light-struck-dumb-bell-weather-
worn-down-town-house-music-box-car-body-hair-day-care-take-cover-girl-
friend-ship-shape-ride-on-time-lost-hope-so-far-out-bound-up-side-saddle-
horse-drawn-in-it-girl-friend-ship-shape-ride-on-time-lost-hope-so-far-
out-bound-up-side-ways-off-color-film-camera-flash-gun-trigger-happy-
days-work-horse-drawn-in-camera-flash-light-struck-out-bound-up-town-
house-hold-it-girl-friend-ship-yard-arm-pit-boss-job-lost-hope-so-near-
miss-out-side-board-room-mate-ship-water-boy-toy-doll-baby-rattle-snake-
eyes-out-most-times-table-turned-night-air-taxi-stand-by-ear-phone-call-
girl-time-clock-stand-out-sick-bay-bridge-toll-road-house-address-card-
shop- http://www.alansondheim.org/tangent.mp4 (old music 19th century
piccolo octaved doubled)

2 filtering behavior

Just as it's possible to construct digital image filters from mathematical 
formula, and text filters using the program Jim Reith designed, it's also 
possible to construct filters that act upon the recording/residue of human 
behavior. In all of these situations, one might consider a unary filter 
such that f(x) = x+0 or x*1, similar to the protective glass filter used 
on camera lenses (but not the UV filter). With a camera for example, a 
neutral density filter is x/n, where x is lumens; the filter for digital 
images is similar, and the text filter requires that, instead of x equal- 
ling, for example, a particular position of a word in a text, it equals a 
position rounded to x/n, such that letters or words might tend to group or 
repeat roughly n times. With behavior - the x/n applied to the output of 
motion capture - the filter modifies, for example subtended node angles, 
which are diminished in size.

Now with analog camera filters (silver photography), the maximum x/n is 
x/1; with digital image filtering, the image can go to white (paralleling 
an increase, say, in shutter speed in silver) as n itself goes fractional, 
i.e. one has m*x where m > 1. In text, the result is skipping words (or, 
more accurately, sequences); in behavior, the subtended angle, and there- 
fore behavioral positioning, increases and the figure appears to move more 
'wildly.' The increase of the angle is cyclical of course, on the order of 
360 degrees; large m tend towards the synergetic appearance of _new,_ not 
diminished or exaggerated, behaviors as a result. 

With motion capture, digital imagery, and text, there is already filtering 
in place; the first two are protocol-discrete, and text, on the order of 
standardized graphemes, is discrete as well, most likely positioned within 
unicode. Complex neural behavior (which is _not_ on/off binary) combines 
discrete and analog filtering; the buzz of the world never appears, 
although death sinks within it. So one might consider a number of fuzzy 
layers - what passes for the buzz of the real; organic receptors, recep- 
tions, and processings; reproductive technologies both analog and digital; 
the assumption of coherent mappings between reproduction and the buzz; 
filtering of coherent mappings which re/produces hidden detailing of the 
buzz and/or uses the mappings as originary/catalyst for other produc- 
tions (not to mention mappings which have no relation to the buzz as far 
as the producer is concerned); and so forth - all of these characteriza- 
tions messy, inhering, worlding within the true world. 

(Abraham Moles, in Information Theory and Esthetic Perception, 1958/66, 
already relates filtering and information; speaking of sonic experimenta- 
tion, he states "In short, infinite clipping selectively destroys esthetic 
information, and, from a practical point of view, leaves only semantic 
information. Thus it 'filters' the two kinds of information." And "The two 
methods, clipping and inversion, are essentially means of observing seman- 
tic and eethetic information. They may be considered as _information fil- 
ters._ Neither one produces a perfectly dichotomous, absolute filtering; 
rather, each effects only a statistical filtering." The concept is rarely 
used in the book, which predates attempts at a _phenomenology of filter- 
ing,_ a phenomenology which (perhaps beginning with Pribram on retinal 
knowledge) leads to considerations of organism and Umwelt in general.)


-


jump filtered



3,6c3
< tangent jump and filtering behavior
< 
< 
< 1 tangent jump
---
> tangent jump
21c18
< 2 filtering behavior
---
> filtering behavior
61,76d57
< 
http://www.alansondheim.org/.pri/erect.mp4



Inhering characteristics of matter, let us say substance.


Let us say substance without differentiation, by which we mean, cohering 
matter, the phenomenology of the _same_ without transitivity (as in for 
example Irigaray). One is always lost in the same. At the limit, one might
consider the same a manifold without geodesics, striations, closed upon 
itself, windowless, sightless, catatonic. But this is only a limit, never 
found, incapable of seeing or being-seen; it is the limit of death, the 
maw that absorbs us all. Now to open it up a bit:

"RECAPITULATION. -- The common or essential properties of bodies are, Im- 
penetrability, Extension, Figure, Divisibility, Inertia, and Attraction.
Attraction is of several kinds, viz. attraction of Cohesion, attraction 
of Gravitation, Capillary attraction, Chemical attraction, Magnetic 
attraction, and Electrical attraction.

The peculiar properties of bodies are, Density, Rarity, Hardness, Elastic- 
ity, Brittleness, Malleability, Ductility, and Tenacity." 

(J L Comstock, A System of Natural Philosophy, 1854 and earlier.)

Electrical attraction is of one or two kinds, positive or negative, aus- 
tral or boreal. It is an inhering fluid which gathers, puckers, expends.

Shape comes: "FIGURE OR FORM _is the result of extension, for we can not 
conceive that a body has length and breadth, without its also having some 
kind of figure, however irregular._" Fractals come: "Some solids are so 
irregular, that they cannot be compared with any mathematical figure. This 
is the case with the fragments of a broken rock, chips of wood, fractured 
glass, &c.; these are called _amorphous._" Inversion comes: "A single 
grain of musk will scent a room for years, and still lose no appreciable 
part of its weight. Here, the particles of musk must be floating in the 
air of every part of the room; otherwise they could not be every where 
perceived."

What parts of the whole subtend figure, location, differentiation from the 
other? 

Attraction might be said to construct the other, the other's construction 
of the self, both and neither, imaginary, chimera. Gravitational attrac- 
tion is like to like; magnetic and electrical like to anti-like, but of 
the otherwise same; capillary, specific like to specific other, of which 
both adhere to their essential characters; chemical, unary or mutual 
transformation of specific like to specific other; and cohesion, like to 
like or like to specific other. 

The peculiar properties inhere. "RARITY. -- This is the quality opposite 
to density, and means that the substance to which it is applied is porous, 
and light. Thus air, water, and ether, are rare substances, while gold, 
lead, and platina, are dense bodies." Today this is in fact density, and a 
peculiar property in general might be considered that which is related to 
the atomic or molecular constitution of matter, or rather the particle 
constitution of matter, hence for example the neutron star, or rather the 
constituating configuration of matter, hence for example the black hole, 
or rather nearly decomposable phenomena, hence possibly dark matter or 
strings, or whatever preserves at least the very weakest of phenomenologi- 
cal structures in the true world and its descriptive messay/anysign.

From William Peck's Introductory Course of Natural Philosophy for the Use 
of Schools and Academies, edited from Ganot's Popular Physics, 1873: 

"Physics is that branch of Natural Philosophy which treats of the general 
properties of bodies, and of the causes that modify these properties.

The principle causes that modify the properties of bodies are: _Gravita- 
tion, Heat, Light, Magnetism,_ and _Electricity._ These causes are called 
_Physical Agents._"

There are solid and fluid bodies. Bodies have mass and density. The gener- 
al properties of bodies include Magnitude, Form, Impenetrability, Inertia, 
Porosity, Divisibility, Compressibility, Dilatability, and Elasticity. Be- 
yond Gravity, there are molecular forces which include Cohesion, Adhesion,
Capillary Forces, Absorption, Imbibition ("the absorption of a liquid by a 
solid body"), Tenacity, Hardness, Ductility, and Malleability.

The book, "Peck's Ganot," is based on Ganot's elementary version of his 
Traite Elementaire de Physique; I have the 3rd 1854 edition. Here, physi- 
cal agents are as follows: "l'attraction universelle, le calorique, la 
lumiere, le magnetisme et l'electricite." Under general properties of 
bodies: "l'impenetrabilite, l'etendue, la divisibilite, la porosite, la 
compressibilite, l'elasticite, la mobilite, et l'inertie." Particular 
properties are those observed in certain bodies or certain states of bod- 
ies, such as solidity, fluidity, tenacity, ductility, malleability, hard- 
ness, transparency, and coloration; there is density, weight, various 
forms of elasticity, etc. 

Heat, steam, hydraulics, magnetism, electricity, fluids, gas: the world is 
in flux, numerous solids are porous, some transparent to magnetism, x-rays 
and other out of directly perceivable bandwidth radiations and receptors - 
all challenge the muteness of amphiboles, some absorb others, some gener- 
ate others, some construct others as problematic, some are coherent, some 
inhere, some leak into Freud's hydraulic model, some are id-messy or 
libido-messy.

As I have pointed out, electrical fluid inhabits the spherical; the point, 
punctum, drains it. Harboring matter is puckered, withdrawn. The fluid 
seeps off in due time. It can be gathered in leyden jars, spewed from 
voltaic piles (dynamic or galvanic electricity), generated from machines 
(Wimhurst, von Guericke, etc.) with glass disks or cylinders or small 
furnaces and stem or cat fur, pith, resin, tin foil (see the electrophor- 
ous). It is social, the subject of "electrical recreations" led by men for 
young women holding hands, sparking one another, hair stood on end, short- 
circuiting jars and condensers. It's the men who electrocute dogs and 
birds, test the apparatus against the limits of life and death. It's the 
pith-man and pith-woman who jump up and down in funny embrace in a small 
electrostatic entertainment. It's the woman who demonstrates the magnetic 
swan to a small boy. 

There's ectoplasm, outside the ken of these books, these models, as are 
all sorts of spirits. Still, Peck/Ganot states right at the beginning: 
"The Universe may be regarded as made up of _mind_ and _matter._ MIND is 
that which thinks and wills; MATTER is that of which we become cognizant 
through the medium of the senses. Science admits of two corresponding 
divisions, _Science of Mind,_ or METAPHYSICS, and _Science of Matter,_ or 
NATURAL PHILOSOPHY."

Three simple points from all of this: Much coheres, inheres, to matter; 
some of what coheres or inheres is in problematic relation with an other 
(general or specific); and much of these relatively early dialogs empha- 
size a simplicity of fluidic substance and magnetic/electromagnetic 
experimentation. While the science and technical characterization of the 
world is clearly outmoded, the _phenomenology_ emphasizing a blurring of 
static and dynamic, force and presence, circuit and stasis, state and 
operator, and self and other, is rather sophisticated and uncannily 
resonates with the messy and problematic distinctions among analogic and 
digital/discrete domains, emanent and organic life, and real and virtual 
as well as sign and anysign, all within the true world. We can't stop now; 
we're just beginning to understand that the question isn't how many angels 
are dancing on the head of a pin - the question is, how many angels are in 
it.


==


prisoners


prisoners of motion capture, prisoners of west virginia

prisoners of caloric, froid, prisoners of gravitation
prisoners of art, mayhem, vandal, prisoners of desecration

o to be a prisoner of life again (above the clouds
o to be a prisoner of love again (within the waters
o to be a prisoner of truth again (beyond the earths
o to be a prisoner of dance again (before the fires

prisoners of fires, froid, prisoners of aerostat and transport
transport of prisoners, clouds, waters, earths, fluids

yes, prisoners of fluids, prisoners of fluids and places
prisoners of west virginia, of fluids, places, life, love,
 truth and dance again


http://www.alansondheim.org/prisoners.mp4





electrick poem


341c341
< electricks
---
> her lovely electricks
346c346
< what were "electrical recreations" and more to the point, what might 
one 
---
> what were "her lovely electrical recreations" and more to the point, 
what might one 
354c354
< batteries, not electrical outlets - during this era, electrostatic 
---
> batteries, not her lovely electrical outlets - during this era, 
electrostatic 
371c371
< which surely are the remnants of those electrostatics, those 
"electrical 
---
> which surely are the remnants of those electrostatics, those "her 
lovely electrical 
378c378
< electrical apparatus, electrostatics and dynamic electricity, from the 
---
> her lovely electrical apparatus, electrostatics and dynamic her lovely 
electricity, from the 
380c380
< sure, what a mix of worlds here, electrical theatrics, young men 
leading 
---
> sure, what a mix of worlds here, her lovely electrical theatrics, young 
men leading 
443c443
< maintenance, electrical current, to continue its electronic presence. 
The
---
> maintenance, her lovely electrical current, to continue its electronic 
presence. The
485c485
< relation to electrical and other dynamic forms of reproduction, whose
---
> relation to her lovely electrical and other dynamic forms of 
reproduction, whose
1396c1396
< tion is like to like; magnetic and electrical like to anti-like, but of 
---
> tion is like to like; magnetic and her lovely electrical like to 
anti-like, but of 
1434c1434
< lumiere, le magnetisme et l'electricite." Under general properties of 
---
> lumiere, le magnetisme et l'her lovely electricite." Under general 
properties of 
1442c1442
< Heat, steam, hydraulics, magnetism, electricity, fluids, gas: the world 
is 
---
> Heat, steam, hydraulics, magnetism, her lovely electricity, fluids, 
gas: the world is 
1450c1450
< As I have pointed out, electrical fluid inhabits the spherical; the 
point, 
---
> As I have pointed out, her lovely electrical fluid inhabits the 
spherical; the point, 
1453c1453
< voltaic piles (dynamic or galvanic electricity), generated from 
machines 
---
> voltaic piles (dynamic or galvanic her lovely electricity), generated 
from machines 
1456c1456
< ous). It is social, the subject of "electrical recreations" led by men 
for 
---
> ous). It is social, the subject of "her lovely electrical recreations" 
led by men for 
1,5c1,5
< tion is like to like; magnetic and electrical like to anti-like, but of 
< electrostatic entertainment. It's the woman who demonstrates the 
magnetic 
< size a simplicity of fluidic substance and magnetic/electromagnetic 
< < tion is like to like; magnetic and electrical like to anti-like, but 
of 
< > tion is like to like; magnetic and her lovely electrical like to 
---
> tion is like to like; magnetic and sexy of him and electrical like to 
anti-like, but of 
> electrostatic entertainment. It's the woman who demonstrates the 
magnetic and sexy of him 
> size a simplicity of fluidic substance and magnetic and sexy of 
him/electromagnetic and sexy of him 
> < tion is like to like; magnetic and sexy of him and electrical like to 
anti-like, but of 
> > tion is like to like; magnetic and sexy of him and her lovely 
electrical like to 

demonstrate sexy of him her lovely electrical fluid


( http://www.alansondheim.org/jectivity.jpg )






contradiction of untethering


power and the tethering of one to another.
short-hand rewrites of moments erased, untethered from the real.
	the soaring mind outstripped the tethered heart.
thet ef en _entethereng_ ef lengeege end emege, es fremes meve en theer
fills with camels; there are goats baaing tethered for their milk and
tethered-to-you ring, ectoplasms, nuances, _the uncanny_
tethered ta the mather,
tethered ta the ather mather
of< >the< >tethering< >of< >each< >and< >every< >bird< >in< >flight
her arms tethered the knife slicing away at alan's wasted breasts.
by tethers like that, this, the other, just as the parts of me beg for
a dead man in a gully, why do you leave me tethered like a beautiful
severed, sky tethered, remnants tethered,
 tethered inward, the air
untethered, riggings
the ritual objects and tethered animals. the sacred mats and hairs of only
one color. the banners and winds. the ritual objects and tethered animals.
the sloppiness of letters and text loosely tethered to the world. i will
language, untethering of thought, which wanders blindly among surfaces.
of language, untethering of thought, which wiancders blindly among
our worlds are loosely tethered
our worlds are loosely tethered
our worlds are loosely tethered
our worlds are loosely tethered
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in -
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in - corrals
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in - corrals
of this world, not of us. the tether always breaks. we built ourselves
   cut at last, untethered real floating off and on -
that is it wants to hold on to the tethers in all weathers, i know when
emptied, swollen and diffused in air, untethered, transfigured.
swollen diffused air, untethered, transfigured.  nor other, is, carries
tethered trappings
tethered trappings
tethered trappings -
tethered trappings
tethered trappings
attention to itself through the remaining tethers - it's there that the
similar grounds when unnecessary, always _untethering,_ from running, from
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
matters strings dark quarks strings from quarks no untethering
languagings\! the witnesses\! untethering emptied out more\! no more\! no
boiling quarks strings dark matters soul emptied untethering witnesses
untethering the witnesses!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering the witnesses!
tethering.
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
dis/semination crosses the tethering of virtuals, reddened, present.
tethered in nothing, present or absent.
tether to dross
 that's we're fragility obsolescence inhering untethered tenuously
tethered bits bytes
unhinging of language already inconceivably tethered. avatars bypass
untethered
untethered
the world tethered by such pronouncements, on the surface of the world,
tethering,pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the
untethered
untethered
into sickness, consciousness like that, drooling tethered from past, just
primordial thought of the "my avatars are leashed, tethered to logical
tethered to logical reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and my people! my
emanations tether flesh to representation
worlds disappear, tethered to exhausted signs.
you're dancing, tethered; the dance conforms to tethering; there's no
member tight; your dancing, tethering me; i'm held there; the dance
is tethered at a root somewhat distanced from the object-image itself, it
<cylinder>: i can change more than any of you. but i'm tethered to you.
untethered, release, haunted - oh i cried when i found it, this delicate
hold carry cultural skein linking loosely tethered
short-hand rewrites erased, untethered real. reread after numerous
parts; within the analogic, parts are holes, sintered, untethered,

tethered and somewhat distanced





Review of Books I Like (and think you might too)


I'm remiss on reviewing for the past few months; I'm been jammed with any 
number of things from current research to the death of a loved cat, my own 
bad health, moving to West Virginia for close to a year. The books aren't 
in any particular order - which I prefer, hopefully giving an element of 
surprise.

The Essential Blender, Guide to 3D Creation with the Open Source Suite 
Blender, edited by Roland Hess, blenderfoundation, 2008. The book comes 
with a cd-rom including Blender 2.44, otherwise downloadable of course. 
I've used Blender for years now; it's an amazing and lean 3D program that 
runs on pretty much any platform, and has become increasingly easy to use. 
When I began, there wasn't any menu bar; now there are complete menus, 
keyboard shortcuts and the like. The program does everything from inverse 
kinematics to gaming to video or still image output; you can even program 
Python with it. The book introduces the program, gets you started; it's 
the first in a forthcoming series presenting specific information in 
relation to gaming, design, etc. I strongly urge you to get it, download 
the program, and begin! While there is a tremendous among of online 
information at blender.org etc., I've always found a manual more conven- 
ient - it's faster, leaves the screen alone, makes good subway reading. 
Like all the Blender manuals, this one is excellent and abjures the 
over-the-top design of some of the others. By the way, Blender is great 
for design/art/multi-media courses; consider introducing your students to 
it.

Windows Vista Annoyances, David A Karp, O'Reilly, 2008. I needed a high- 
powered desktop cheap, ended up with an HP quad w/sata, etc. But I didn't 
need Vista. I had no choice, given the particular configuration I wanted 
and could afford. The result is a terrific rendering machine with a horrid 
operating system; I won't go into the problems of user account control, 
disappearing files, insane terminal error messages, absence of such useful 
programs as telnet, and just plain craziness. I'm using the free version 
of TweakVI and a program called TweakUAC, CCleaner, CoreFTP Lite, AVG, and 
Desktop Maestro; I can't afford more. I looked at a LOT of Vista books, 
and found this the best for configuration and resource. It doesn't get rid 
of UAC, but it helps. Enough said.

Introduction to Tibetan Buddhism, John Powers, Snow Lion, 1995. I have 
been working through Tibetan, Madhyamaka, and Pali Canon philosophies 
recently, in order to reconfigure distinctions among real, virtual, anal- 
og, digital, dream, hallucination, sign, anysign, and world and true 
world. I needed a guide into the complex culture of Tibetan Buddhism in 
particular, and can recommend this one in particular; it's extremely 
detailed, lends itself as an introduction to other texts, and cleared up 
some confusion I had in relation to doctrine, sect, and history. If you're 
going to read one book on the subject, I would think this would be it. 
(Another approach of course is to read one or another originary text in 
translation; see below.)

Contemporary Poetics, edited by Louis Armand, Northwestern, 2007. I'm in 
this volume, so I'm prejudiced, but I see few anthologies giving much 
credence to codework of any sort. The book has materials from McKenzie 
Wark, Charles Bernstein, Marjorie Perloff, Bruce Andrews, Gregory Ulmer, 
Steve McCaffery, Armand, and others; there are references to Frege, Joyce, 
Acker, Cage, etc. and the essays are terrific. Do check this out!

Living on Cybermind, Categories, Communication, and Control, Jonathan Paul 
Marshall, Peter Lang, 2007. Again I'm prejudiced, since Michael Current 
and I began Cybermind together near the beginning of 1994, and the book is 
a lengthy and detailed ethnography of the list. That said, I was pleased 
at its brilliant analysis of online communication in general; on a person- 
al note, it was oddly rewarding to find myself one of a number of subjects 
of ethnographic research. This is the most detailed work I've seen on 
online communication; it avoids the usual statistical approaches (although 
an appendix presents these) in favor of a phenomenological attitude that 
emphasizes terms like _asence_ ("The suspension of certainty between 
presence and absence which is experienced online. Asence is often resolved 
by acknowledgment.") and _aura_ ("The 'total communication' which occurs 
in the background or off the particular Internet social formation it 
surrounds."). I _use_ this book constantly in my work, and you might find 
it useful as well.

Tibetan Religious Dances, Tibetan text and annotated translation of the 
'chams yig, Rene de Nebesky-Wojkowitz, Paljor, (reprint) 2001. This book 
is a translation of a manual for sacred dances with an amazing root text 
running through it. The major part of it was written by the fifth Dalai 
Lama, 1617-1682 and was for use of a lamasary within the Potala precincts.
I've used this book in thinking through ritual movement within the true 
world, Second Life for that matter; you might find it of great interest as 
well, particularly if you're concerned with movement, ritual, rite, and/or 
Tibetan Buddhism in general.

The Story of Tibet, Conversations with the Dalai Lama, Thomas Laird, 
Grove, 2006, is one of the best introductions to Tibetan history and 
culture. Laird is not a 'believer,' however defined, and his conversations 
are dialogic; one gets an insight both into Tibet and the Dalai Lama. This 
book came highly recommended to me, and for good reason; it should be read 
by everyone interested in the philosophy and moment of Tibetan Buddhism, 
as well as recent Tibetan history. Like Powers' book above, this is 
extremely illuminating.

A Theory of Semiotics, Umberto Eco, Indian, 1976. This might well be the 
best background or theory book on the phenomenology and semiotics of code 
- and of everything else - I've seen. I've always been surprised it hasn't 
been required reading in any theory 'canon'; perhaps its complexity is the 
reason. In any case, it's essential, fundamental. There are 110 pages on 
the theory of codes. I think the book a classic; if you find a copy, buy 
it. I think it goes well with Instruments of Communication, An Essay on 
Scientific Writing, by Patrick Meredith, Pergamon, 1966; I hadn't heard of 
this book until I found a copy in Pittsburgh. It too deserves to be better 
known; it works through forms of representation, issues of meaning, and 
the instrumentality of language. It reminds me of Kripke's Meaning and 
Necessity. I can't review it; unlike the Eco (which I studied intently), 
I've been reading into this, on and off, for a while. Do check it out if 
there's a university library around.

Kalachakra Tantra, Rite of Initiation, His Holiness the Dalai Lama, 
translated, edited, and introduced by Jeffrey Hopkins, Wisdom, 1999. This 
book is great and at least for me is a core text itself for comprehending 
the true world, the inherency and emptiness of 'real' and 'virtue,' any- 
sign, the image/imaginary, and so forth. Hopkins' introduction is amazing 
and he 'walks' you through the Kalachakra mandala. The book requires 
careful attention, and it's problematic whether it should be 'public' at 
all, since the tantric rites are generally protected, somewhat secret, and 
are of course for initiates. So I'm reading this as an outsider who at 
best is a fellow traveler; as such, I more than recommend it.

Apparitions of the Self, The Secret Autobiographies of a Tibetan Vision- 
ary, Janet Gyatso, Motilal Banarsidass, 2001. The visionary is Jigme 
Lingpa. The autobiographies are Dancing Moon in the Water and Dakki's 
grand Secret-Talk, and they took my breath away. The book has copious 
notes and commentary, the texts are classics in any number of genres, and 
if you can find this online or at your local Tibetan bookstore, pick it 
up. (There was one in Brooklyn, where I found this and many other texts; 
it's unfortunately closed.)

The Emptiness of Emptiness, An Introduction to Early Indian Madhyamika, 
C.W. Huntington, Jr., and Geshe Namgyal Wangchen, Motilal Banarsidass, 
2003, but first published by U. Hawaiian Press, 1989. This is a trans- 
lation of, and commentary on, Candrakirti's Madhyamakavatara, The Entry 
into the Middle Way, which itself is a commentary on Nagarjuna. Candra- 
kirti's text is referenced everywhere; I have two translations of it. I 
find the work tough going, but illuminating (in both versions), but I 
wouldn't read it without reading Nagarjuna first, of course.

I want to speak briefly of my inclusion of so many Buddhist/philosophic 
texts. I find them immensely useful and interesting, in light of a general 
movement, online, towards virtual communalities, etc.; my work with 
emanents, avatars, SL, and so forth, is part of this. These texts tend to 
emphasize emptiness, imagining, virtual deity, co-dependent co-origina- 
tion, issues of purity, and other concepts or areas that move elsewhere 
than the subject/object or language/psychoanalytics orientation of most of 
the western (European, American, etc.) theory I've read. I found myself at 
an impasse. It's too easy on the other hand to move towards or through 
'spirituality' with these texts - something I resist at any rate. Rightly 
or wrongly I find a philosophic Buddhism without issues of rebirth, and I 
find enough without these issues to give me hope in a different way of 
looking at the world, a different way of inhabiting it. My recent writing 
reflects this direction, murky as it (my recent writing) is. Now back to 
reviews. -

Popular Physics, Peck's Ganot,, or Introductory Course of Natural Phil- 
osophy, for the use of Schools and Academies, edited from Ganot's Popular 
Physics, by William G. Peck, A.S. Barnes, 1873. revised from 1860. This is 
the book I've described with a section on 'electrical recreations'; it 
also formed a basis for rethinking the phenomenology of matter, both 
'real' and virtual, in light of the sections on electrostatics and elec- 
trical fluid. The engravings, often of young men demonstrating sparks, 
etc., to young women, have been useful, and eventually led me to getting a 
copy of Ganot's Traite Elementaire de Physique, Paris, chez l'auteur, 
1854, third edition. This is an advanced university text; Peck's text was 
modeled on Ganot's rewrite of the Traite for younger students. The young 
men and women, even electrical recreations, are gone, but the illustrat- 
ions are by far the best steel engravings I've seen, and amazingly useful 
- they provide an accounting of the state of knowledge, both magnetic and 
electrical, static and dynamic (not to mention the other subjects of 
physics), of the mid-19th century material world (which may or may not be 
the same as our own). A philosophy of matter is presented here, in short, 
and, again, it relates to online versions/visions of worlds, something I'm 
drawing out at the moment.

A System of Natural Philosophy, J.L. Comstock, Pratt Woodford Farmer and 
Brace, 1854, fifth stereotype revision, and the same, Robinson and Pratt, 
1841, 'Stereotyped from the fifty-third edition,' but most likely the 
first revised edition (if that). These, again, are elementary physics 
texts for use in the United States; they are equally fascinating in their 
presentation of matter, and odds and ends (which is where such things as 
Sharp's Rifle and House's Printing Telegraph are found). The descriptions 
of matter, electrical fluid, and the like, augment Peck and Ganot; I've 
been working with all four volumes. If you're interested in the social 
phenomena of electrostatics, I'd recommend Peck; if you're interested in 
the technical details, go back to Ganot. But all of them differ in inter- 
esting ways - in the description of electrical machines, for example.

Several other older texts:

Radio Phone Receiving, A Practical Book for Everybody, by various, van 
Nostrand, 1923. An excellent guide to the state of early radio on the 
verge of widespread broadcasting. Sections on crystal radio, vacuum tube, 
commercial broadcasting, etc.

The Telegraph Instructor, G.M. Dodge, Valparaiso, Indiana, 1908, fourth 
edition. From the only telegraph operator's school in the US at the time. 
This book has proved one of the most useful on codes and early communica- 
tions technology; while the telegraph originated decades earlier, its 
increasing complexity led to the development of more codes and more com- 
plex codes, which I've described elsewhere. They were needed for trains, 
for ships, for crossings of all sorts, for press corps, for private and 
public communications, and so forth; they were required to be succinct, 
and almost without redundancy, since cable space/time was money. They were 
also required to be checked for accuracy. If a cable went down, either 
shorting or left open, the location of the break had to be determined as 
fast as possible. All of this required an enormous amount of knowledge, and 
all of this is described in Dodge's textbook.

Hawkins Electrical Guide, various editions, Hawkins and Staff, Audel, 
1914-1917, etc. I use these constantly; the volumes I have (which still 
can be found, relatively inexpensive) cover such things as electric 
trains, trolleys, and cars; crystal radio receivers and transmitters; 
therapeutic and medical uses of electricity and x-rays; electrical meas- 
urement; motion picture camera and projector technology; and telegraphy 
(codes, printouts, sounders, etc.). You can build from these books; you 
can also get an understanding how, for example, electrostatics ended up in 
the form of vaginal and rectal electrodes (among other things). I do want 
to praise the Audel's series/handbooks in general; they cover everything 
from rouge to automobiles, and they're authoritative.

Karl Kraus, Apocalyptic Satirist, Culture and Catastrophe in Habsburg 
Vienna, Edward Timms, Yale, 1986. Kraus is one of my favorite writers, in 
spite of his problematic, feminism/anti-feminism, occasional conservatism, 
etc. His writing and condemnations of war, anti-feminism, misuse of lang- 
uage and psychoanalysis, is fierce. His Jewishness is odd; he turned 
towards and then away from, Catholicism. Timms goes as far as possible 
into understanding him. I found a first edition of Die letzten Tagen der 
Menschheit (Last Days of Mankind) and was thrilled; I'm amazed he wasn't 
hung for it. One of his books, Spruche und Widerspruche, has been trans- 
lated by Jonathan McVity as Dicta and Contradicta in a very neat volume 
published by Illinois, 2001; I most highly recommend this (I find the 
German so compressed, I can't read it without the translation) which 
resonates with his more-than-aphoristic style.

The Concealed Essence of the Hevajra Tantra, with the commentary Yogarat- 
namala, G.W. Farrow and I. Menon, Motilal Banarsidass, 2001. This is one 
of the main non-dual Yogini tantras, and I love it; in particular, there 
is a lot on secret sign language, on the fire sacrifice, on purification, 
on nonexistence, and so forth. Translated from Sanskrit and Tibetan. For a 
Chinese version, somewhat different but again quite beautiful, there is 
The Chinese Hevajratantra, Ch. Willemen, Motilal Banarsidass, 2004.

Counterexamples in Topology, Lynn Arthur Steen and J. Arthur Seebach, Jr, 
Dover, 1995, from the 1978 edition. The book gives around 150 counter- 
examples of topological spaces, which are quite useful in thinking through 
analog/digital (or discrete) issues and their meeting at the limits. It's 
also fun to read, imagining some of the oddest mathematical models around.

The Archaeology of Knowledge & The Discourse on Language, Michel Foucault, 
Pantheon, 1971. This slippery text, which you must know better than I do, 
deserves a closer look; it resonates, I think, with Buddhist epistemology 
in its problematizing of language and statement, its diffusion, and at 
times the language reminds me of the Flower Ornament Sutra. Ok, far- 
fetched, and I'm deeply Foucault-ignorant, but it seems that the work is 
increasingly useful in considering outdated real/virtual distinctions.

bash Cookbook, Carl Albing, JP Vossen, and Cameron Newham, O'Reilly, 2007. 
I asked O'Reilly to send me this as a review copy; I love the bash shell, 
and this book presents the world of it. There are chapters on scripting, 
shell tools, getting started, novice 'goofs'; there are numerous reference 
lists as well. As I've said before, the O'Reilly books have been a guide 
for me, from Linux 2.0 stuff on. They're intelligent, amazingly well- 
written, authoritative, and backed up online. There's no wasted space and 
they're well-printed, rarely going out of date - I'm using ones that are 
twenty years old. I particularly like the degree of detail which allows 
someone, from a novice to a programmer, to quickly find the tools she 
needs. I also like the fact they're _books_; for a while I subscribed to 
Safari (when I could afford it!), but I ended up carrying the books around 
instead - they make good reading away from the computer as well. I highly 
recommend this book to anyone working in Unix/Linux; you won't regret it, 
and you'll use it often.

Overview of Buddhist Tantra, General Presentation of the Classes of Tan- 
tra, Captivating the Minds of the Fortunate Ones, Panchen Sonam Dragpa, 
translation by Martin J. Boord and Losang Norbu Tsonawa, Library of 
Tibetan Works and Archives, 1996. This text is from the 15th-16th century; 
I read it in conjunction with F.D. Lessin, Alex Wayman, Introduction to 
the Buddhist Tantric Systems, Mkhas-grub-rje (1385-1438), Samuel Weiser, 
1980. I prefer the latter which is elegant and beautiful to read. (I know 
I'm using 'beautiful' as well as 'useful' a lot, and this text is of 
course both.)

The Fundamental Wisdom of the Middle way, Nagarjuna's Mulamadhyamakakar- 
ika, translation and commentary by Jay L. Garfield, Oxford, 1995. This 
sets out the Middle Way, and is _the_ philosophical text, I think, under- 
lying almost all the others I describe here. A great deal of Nagarjuna's 
work - including works on logic - has been translated, and is well worth 
reading. I'm currently stumbling through Nagarjuna's Refutation of Logic 
(Nyaya), Vaidalyaprakarana, translated from the Tibetan by Fernando Tola 
and Carmen Dragonetti. The paradoxes _matter._ Emptiness resonates with 
true world, at least in my mind. What more can I say?

Cabaret Performance, Sketches, Songs, Monologues, Memoirs, Volume II: 
Europe 1920-1940, selected and translated, with commentary by Laurence 
Senelick, Johns Hopkins, 1993. This book is important to me, as are any 
number of others dealing with Weimar (etc.) cabaret; I'm influenced by 
such figures as Valeska Gert and Anita Berber. (This comes out clearly in 
the SL performances.) Cabaret Performance presents material from them and 
a number of other people; there's been a _lot_ of material on cabaret from 
this period, which was way ahead of its time. I've reviewed The Seven 
Addictions and Five Professions of Anita Berber before; you can begin 
there, or online with google, etc.; in any case the material in Senelick's 
book ranges over far wider territory and is an absolute revelation.

Prehistoric Digital Poetry, An Archaeology of Forms, 1959-1995, C.T. 
Funkhouser, Alabama, 2007. Disclaimer: my work is in it. Claimer: This is 
by far the most generous text I've seen on the origins and meanderings of 
digital literary-plus forms; I think it's fundamental, if anything is. 
Funkhouser ranges over a vast territory, from codeworks through concrete 
poetry, from Mac Low to hypercard. This should be essential reading in any 
experimental/new media/electronic literature/writing class; it's also fun!

The Lankavatara Sutra, A Mahayana Text, Daisetz Teitaro Suzuki, Motilal 
Banardsidass, 1999, from the London 1932 edition; and Studies in the 
Lankavatara Sutra, D.T. Suzuki, Mushiram Manoharlal, 1998, from the 
original 1930 edition. Everyone knows D.T. Suzuki; this is clearly his 
masterwork - his translation of the sutra, and subsequent analysis. I find 
his emphasis on Zen somewhat biased (as, elsewhere, his emphasis on 
Bushido and Rinzai Zen), but he's done an invaluable service in this 
translation - and better yet, it's now available, along with commentary, 
in relatively inexpensive Indian editions. The sutra is wonderful, if for 
no other reason than the amazing list of questions and answers propounded. 
This is an important sutra, and Suzuki discusses the theory of mind, 
externals, and egolessness inherent in it. Not to be missed I think.

Introduction to the Middle Way, Chandrakirti's Madhyamakavatara with 
Commentary By Jamgon Mipham, translated by the Padmakara Translation 
Group, Shambhala, 2002. This should be read in conjunction with the other 
translation listed above; this is by far the most poetic. The text is 
highly compressed in the original, and both commentaries help elucidating 
Chandrakirti's meaning.

Tantra in Practice, edited by David Gordon White, Motilal Banarsidass, 
2001. This is a great collection of Buddhist, Hindu, Jain, and Islamic 
texts; it's incredibly wide-ranging and includes both contemporary 
commentary and translations. One of the best detailed collections of 
tantric rites.

Beautiful Code, Leading Programmers Explain How They Think, edited by Andy 
Oram and Greg Wilson, O'Reilly, 2007. All I can say is this is currently 
my favorite computer book; I'm learning more about programming practices 
than I have from years of kludging! This goes well with another currently 
my favorite computer text, Paul A. Fishwick's Aesthetic Computing, MIT, 
2006. Both of these chart out territories of deep code and visualization - 
from the visualizing of programming itself, to interfacing and image pro- 
duction. I think these are the two books to get, in terms of coding and 
new media; I frankly prefer them to any of the straightforward anthologies 
out there.

Feynman, Lectures on Computation, edited by Tony Hey and Robin W. Allen, 
Perseus, 1996, reprinted with corrections, 1999. This is an interesting 
guide to coding, communication, computation and thermodynamics of com- 
putation, quantum computers, etc. There's a good section on the physical 
aspects of computation. If you like Feynman or are interested in a very 
readable exposition of difficult material, you'll like this, in spite of 
the fact some of it is out of date (but not the basic material).

Maps of the Profound, Jam-yang-shay-ba's Great Exposition of Buddhist and 
Non-Buddhist Views on the Nature of Reality, Jeffrey Hopkins, Snow Lion, 
2003. The original dates from 1689. This version contains both the root 
text, which is terse and difficult, and commentaries, which are terse and 
difficult. This enormous work is a presentation of tenets text, used to 
systematize a number of schools and viewpoints. I've not read it straight 
through, but it is terrific to dip into, follow the strands of philosophy 
and disputation. Among other things, it's indicative of the depth of the 
Tibetan/Buddhist philosophical tradition, and what it has to offer to the 
rest of us, mired, I believe, in issues of subject/abject/object and all 
their inconsistencies.

Chasing Clouds, A decade of Studies, Emily Cheng, Timezone 8, 2008. I've 
followed Emily's work for years (she was also cameraperson on the Blue 
Tape with Kathy Acker), and have admired her paintings, drawings, and 
graphics and their relationships to history, aesthetics, and issues of 
Buddhism/Taoism, and multiculturalism in general. This book focuses on her 
studies, which are small, intimate, often intricate, and remind me of 
Taoist talismans; they're also wonderfully beautiful and meditative. It's 
not often a collection of reproductions functions on its own as a book to 
be cherished, but this one does! The reproductions are beautiful as well.

Second Life, a Guide to Your Virtual World, Brian A. White, Que, 2007 - 
the most useful book I've seen on Second Life, with the least amount of 
fluff; it even covers the use of bvh files and Poser. This is the one to 
get. It takes you through particles, economics, scripting behavior, model- 
ing, etc. Highly recommended.

The Embodied Mind, Cognitive Science and Human Experience, Francisco J. 
Varela, Evan Thompson, and Eleanor Rosch, MIT, 1991. I hadn't seen this 
before; Sandy Baldwin pointed it out to me. It discusses mind and self 
with an approach based both on Madhyamika philosophy and cog sci and 
should be read by anyone interested in the topic. Again, highly 
recommended; I'd been looking for this kind of approach for a long time. 
The last sentence is prescient: "At the very least, the journey of 
Buddhism to the west provides some of the resources we need to pursue 
consistently our own cultural and scientific premises to the point where 
we no longer need and desire foundations and so can take up the further 
tasks of building and dwelling in worlds without ground."





