

wounded ballet


doubled figures, arms oriented at right angles to each other; within each 
figure, arms oriented at right angles; within each arm, right angles at 
the elbow. these are wounded figures, internally bandaged.

internally bandaged, and yet with the agon of ballet, brave and deter- 
mined.

start the the right initial breast extremity and under fix right two
breast circular and start fix the by initial two extremity circular under
turns, bandage then obliquely carry up bandage the obliquely right up
breast, breast, carry over shoulder, left across shoulder, and across the
under left overlapping the one-half previous previous across horizontal
under circualar diagonally turn. across pass, and then, up diagonally the
back turn. down and around right to under starting one point. complete
this turn is which one repeated complete four turn or which five repeated
starting four point. or this five is times bandage. finishes horizontal
bandage. should horizontal ascend turns as should they ascend overlap as
times they finishes overlap the oblique and advance the outward breasts
upward they on and breasts turns overlap.


http://www.alansondheim.org/balle.mp4

(please note there are additional materials at 
http://www.alansondheim.org/ - my space has doubled)


After the Deluge


After the deluge of writing, resonant texts and languagings, and after the 
flood of words utterable and common, I searched for a word with suitable 
prevarication, hedging my bets until the day after. Then to my wisdom, 
prevarication itself appeared, murmured and approached, why, it said, I am 
only once among you, and then repeated in a gathering of abstract theory. 
Were there ten directions or beings from the ten directions, present or 
waiting for your arrival? Who were you, and why have we come upon you?


oi.txt:useless prevarications, en-compassings of the ten directions.
theory.txt:useless prevarications, en-compassings of the ten directions.


http://www.alansondheim.org/kiraandfoofwa.jpg (Kira Sedlock, Foofwa 
d'Imobilite)



Grim Barrier at Second Life


Avatar attempting break-in at Second Life barrier, without permission s/he 
cannot enter through the barrier, and there is no permission for someone 
who is not a member and may not want to become one or may not believe the 
same things the members believe, so there is only one way to see what is 
going on, and that is to break in, which is such a hopeless thing, the 
poor avatar tries and tries at the gates of plenty and nothing seems to 
work and it is very sad, this useless struggle in the face of overwhelming 
odds as it seems that the entire world is against hir, even the weather 
refuses to provide a pleasant day which would make the struggle a delight- 
ful exercise, but now the brutal wind and cold unseasonable storm certain- 
ly intervenes, we can only feel terrible sorry and pity for the trials and 
vicissitudes of the unhappy avatar who pathetically tries forever in an 
unthinking and unfeeling world passing her by with lives of fulfillment 
and excitement s/he will never know,
http://www.alansondheim.org/slbarrier.mp4


Avatar Warrior above Second Life Gamespace

http://www.alansondheim.org/dorsey.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/worl.mp4

Avatar Ghost-Warrior in Second Life

dorsey with Foofwa d'Imobilite, Kira Sedlock
worl with Kira Sedlock
infinite thanks to Azure Carter and Sandy Baldwin


The smear


Foofwa d'Imobilite smeared across space-time.

A slow laser scanned to +/- 1-2 millimeters over seven static scenarios
and 9 minutes.

The outer shell represents the behavioral space set to something like
9 millimeters.

Bodies in space surrounded by symbolic fields in the true world. We have
worked hard to construct the imaginary of being-human.

The difference between an image and a diagram is syntax.

In these smears, the underlying syntax is both spewed and abject. 
The skin of being human is replaced by an emanent shell. The image of 
the true world is just beyond the space of the proscenium.

Later, I will awake and write about the phenomenology of all of these,
videos, photographs, constructs, miniaturization of pre-alpine spaces,
dances of exaltation and mourning.

http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwan01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwan02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwan03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwan04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwan05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwan06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwan07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwan08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwan09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/foofwan10.jpg




Too Many


Early mocap results with Foofwa d'Imobilite and Kira Sedlock. Why should 
you care? Doubles doubled, fabricated responses one to another as if 'the 
mutual orientation of cognitive domains' ensured, if not constructed, 
meaning. But then, the shell of the true world **

http://www.alansondheim.org/bop1and2.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bop3and4.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bop5and6.mp4

and why this constant production of the doubly-inundated body? Each ham- 
mers the other, shimmers the Other. But I'm worn out at this point and 
images are heaps on images and somewhere I'm sure something's elusive, or 
not?

But surely these are brilliant? Shimmer?

**
http://www.alansondheim.org/boofwa1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/boofwa2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/boofwa3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/boofwa4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/boofwa5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/boofwa6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/boofwa7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/boofwa8.jpg



Emanent new-work in the true world


Please note: If you check http://www.alansondheim.org/ every few days, 
just click on recent images/videos/textfiles. We're beginning radio-work 
in relation to the National Radio Quiet Zone in West Virginia. Sedlock 
works with a vibration transducer, sensitive from around .1hz-400hz, as 
well as a NASA Inspire very low frequency radio and long-wire antenna. 
Foofwa d'Imobilite and Sedlock completed a set of split-node motion 
capture work; I've been putting up examples. Azure, Foofwa, and Sedlock 
worked on a group of large laser scans with and without movement; these 
are still being processed. Abjection smears sound/space/time/inscription 
across vibration, vlf radio, scan, motion capture - work either at the 
limit, or smeared from the center. The center dissolves with sheave-skin 
but recuperates with shell thickening in 3d post-processing software.
So far I'm fascinated by the images/sounds; although the differences with 
the avatar/mocap videos may appear minute, they represent fairly large- 
scale behavior differences in the studio.

Kira Sedlock: vibration-meter-work

http://www.alansondheim.org/shimmed.mp4

Kira Sedlock: very-low-frequency-radio-work

http://www.alansondheim.org/vvllff.mp4

Foofwa d'Imobilite and Kira Sedlock: motion-capture-work,
construction of a troubled narrative

http://www.alansondheim.org/bop91and92.mp4

Comments forthcoming.


National Radio Astronomy Observatory *


Retro-Reflector Commands

RPC Function 	Description
  	 
CL_CIL_SVC 	Illuminates retro-reflector with ZY laser
CL_CMEAS_SVC 	Requests that a ZY measure a retro-reflector
CL_COO_SVC 	Requests/sets ZY retro-reflector data
CL_NUM_SVC 	Requests/sets the number of retro-reflectors in a ZY's 
scan list
CL_ORD_SVC 	Requests/sets the ZY's scan list order
CL_SCN_SVC 	Requests that a ZY start/stop or schedule/remove a scan

ZY/ZP Coordinate System Commands
RPC Function 	Description
  	 
CL_ALPHA_SVC 	Requests/sets the $\alpha$ angles of the mount
CL_BETA_SVC 	Requests/sets the ZP $\beta$ rotation correction angles
CL_BP_SVC 	Requests/sets the monument base position coordinates for a 
ZY
CL_COORDINATES_SVC 	Requests the ZP mirror center coordinates
CL_EZ_SVC 	Requests/sets the ZP encoder offset values
CL_MO_SVC 	Requests/sets the ZP mirror offset values

Instrument Control
RPC Function 	Description
  	 
CL_AXIS_SVC 	Requests/sets state of axis amplifiers on ZY
CL_BYE_SVC 	Disconnects ZY from ZIY
CL_CONNECT_SVC 	Requests that the ZIY connect to a ZY
CL_INITZY_SVC 	Requests that a ZY re-initialize itself
CL_PS_SVC 	Requests/sets state of ZY power supplies
CL_RST_SVC 	Requests that a ZY's host perform a cold boot reset
CL_STW_SVC 	Requests the ZY status word
CL_VER_SVC 	Requests the version of a ZY's software

Data Acquisition
RPC Function 	Description
  	 
CL_CYC_SVC 	Requests/sets ZY cycle integration property
CL_IFF_SVC 	Requests/sets the Reference Frequency of a ZY
CL_SEQ_SVC 	Requests a sequence of measurements from a ZY
CL_SFQ_SVC 	Requests/sets the sampling frequency of a ZY A/D 
sub-system

Axis Control
RPC Function 	Description
  	 
CL_ABA_SVC 	Sets acceleration value on ZY axis controller
CL_ABV_SVC 	Sets velocity value on ZY axis controller
CL_ACP_SVC 	Requests actual position of ZY axis controller
CL_AXS_SVC 	Requests the status word for a ZY axis controller
CL_DSP_SVC 	Requests the desired position of a ZY axis controller
CL_ERL_SVC 	Requests/sets the Error Limit on a ZY axis controller
CL_FHM_SVC 	Requests that a ZY axis controller ``home'' an encoder
CL_FIL_SVC 	Requests/sets the PID Integration Limit of a ZY axis 
controller
CL_FKD_SVC 	Requests/sets the PID Derivative value of a ZY axis 
controller
CL_FKI_SVC 	Requests/sets the PID Integration value of a ZY axis 
controller
CL_FKP_SVC 	Requests/sets the PID Proportional value of a ZY axis 
controller
CL_FLT_SVC 	Requests/sets all the PID parameters of a ZY axis 
controller
CL_FSI_SVC 	Requests/sets the LM628 Derivative Sampling Interval
CL_IDX_SVC 	Requests the index register reading of a ZY axis 
controller
CL_RDS_SVC 	Requests the Integration Sum of a ZY axis controller
CL_VHM_SVC 	Requests that a ZY's axis controller verify its home 
position

ZIY Commands
RPC Function 	Description
  	 
GETCLIENTS_SVC 	Requests a list of all client sub-systems on the ZIY
LOG_SVC 	Place a message in the ZIY's log system
WEATHER_SVC 	Requests the latest weather station readings
ZIYREGISTER_CALLBACK 	Register a callback RPC server with the ZIY

* This spring we'll head to the NRQZ, National Radio Quiet Zone, for VLF
recording.



Nub


The nub /u/ is mute, blunt, dubbed, bud, mud, thump, bump, lump, stump, 
cut, sloughed, rubbed. Nub is analogic, a dump, hump, rump, curvature; nub 
resists discrete, it's sub, substance, stumped, not digital, corporate, 
specific. Nub is slunk, slung, hung; nub stretches, falls, clumps, clumsy. 
Nub is ur-substance, shunt. Category of nub, nub fever, stubbed. Sumped 
thing burrowed, exhumed, culled, summed, un-luminous, runt-category, type 
of muss or fuss. Flung, stung, always numb, nub indiscrete, un-discrete. 
Nub is mute or blunt thing, thing dubbed, sutured bud, rusted mud, thump 
or bump of nub sound, unmanageable lump, stump of nub, nub-stump (always 
such, never stem or trunk sunk or burned punk). Cut but mute, not treble 
tone, base filter, though rung, lune, plummed, lunged, hummed, murmured 
murder, jumped,


http://www.alansondheim.org/ - go to nub jpgs (there are 25 small ones)
This is easiest to do if you click twice on "Last Modified" - the list 
will come up.


17c17
< tone, base filter, though rung, lune, plummed, lunged, hummed, murmured 
---
> tone, base filter, though rung, lune, plummed, plump, hummed, murmurred 



my friends, in your heavens you have forgotten us
my friend looks for pulsars in the radio spectrum
my friend goes to hospital, she can't walk, toes going numb
my friend's mother-in-law dies after reciting numbers
against stars in the night air, signs
against stars in the night air, numbers
against stars in the night air, those who move at night
those who move against the stars and have been forgotten

http://www.alansondheim.org/flung1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/flung2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/flung0.jpg




At Club 123: David Bello and myself

club1: soloing on flamenco/concert nylon guitar
club2: David Bello vocal loops, 3 songs
club3: solo on electronic organ 
club4: solo on parlor guitar then joined by David Bello on synthesizer
this is the complete set
http://www.alansondheim.org/123club1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/123club2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/123club3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/123club4.mp3
-rw-r--r--    1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 26967771 Mar  6 00:53 123club1.mp3
-rw-r--r--    1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 20808098 Mar  6 00:48 123club2.mp3
-rw-r--r--    1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 34319673 Mar  6 01:00 123club3.mp3
-rw-r--r--    1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 40602645 Mar  6 00:45 123club4.mp3




3 z-axis non-scaled mods from Foofwa/Kira mocap
trilled/waltz are from the same bvh; one presents sheave-skin interior


This is as close as I can get to... ...gutsy organs, sloughed wade.
It's not very close; the sheave-skin breaks into air. I'd note that even
its mathematical substructure defines manifolds emptied of anything but
nurbs, splines, whatever - tension across the sheave.

Or rather the sheave/manifold - tension defined on the two-dimensional
curved surface. One might draw vectors for example. One pulls, pushes -
directly or through bvh and other manipulations. Mobility/intention in 
Second Life for example.

These vectors breathe in the surrounding space. With poles and polars, 
space is on the move. So you're saying? That abstractions, mapping, might, 
on a metaphorical level, pucker just about everywhere, a slid ontology.

It's sight, then? It's sight, or rather what's seen is what's sheave. 
Although of course one might make sheave or sheaves invisible; it's an 
option.

And there might be invisibilites built-in - everywhere, in SL, in Poser, 
across the true world? Yes, what we call ghosts are only these slid 
ontologies.

http://www.alansondheim.org/foxtrot.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/trilled.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/waltz.mp4


THEORY OF THEIRS


Things no longer split, discrete; they fissure, substance. From one side
to another, the same - I might declare | as any side, but what?
Disappearance (as a result) of any distinction, virtual wanderings among
virtual wanderings. This sweep ANNIHILATES US, lineages forget THE NAMING
OF THE DINOSAURS. Now what are left are EYES and for the purposing of
eyes. CONCRETELY the incandescent world, CONCRETELY information corrodes,
dissipates, from within. ALWAYS FROM WITHIN. And always NOW and HERE.:OUR
BODY SKINS ARE BORROWED, nothing less than churned wheelings dig into
momentary gravity. WHEN GALAXIES COLLIDE, life smears across the universe,
matter-energy returns, structure loses. Somewhere a thing knows
"INFORMATION is LOST" for that split peta-second before the tide. There
are no TEETH to the cosmos, only lassitude, languor, and enormous clangs
as sound screams through plasma. Here is my mark | and here | and here |
readied and lost before reading: that split which useless inscribes
simultaneously within erasure.:What was it I wanted to say? Oh yes, the
Large Attractor in the universe, once this is unaccounted-for, everything
is, we're lost in a cosmos, and if we CONCRETELY examine our lives thusly,
do we not forfeit everything? For in space and time we already are
virtual, non-existent, instinctual ghosts hungered for a token or mark of
indescribable PRESENCE.::<dissipation of time, naturally, DATA UNIVERSE
gone down

Come with me, Things no longer split, discrete; they fissure, substance.
From one side to another, the same - I might declare | as any side, but
what? Disappearance (as a result) of any distinction, virtual wanderings
among virtual wanderings. This sweep ANNIHILATES US, lineages forget THE
NAMING OF THE DINOSAURS. Now what are left are EYES and for the purposing
of eyes. CONCRETELY the incandescent world, CONCRETELY information
corrodes, dissipates, from within. ALWAYS FROM WITHIN. And always NOW and
HERE., beautiful wetware!

 love these feelings, What was it I wanted to say? Oh yes, the Large
Attractor in the universe, once this is unaccounted-for, everything is,
we're lost in a cosmos, and if we CONCRETELY examine our lives thusly, do
we not forfeit everything? For in space and time we already are virtual,
non-existent, instinctual ghosts hungered for a token or mark of
indescribable PRESENCE. ... Driven by drive-letters, gone world junkie ...

incandescent like me in your baby!

data Data dAta dATa daTA DAta DaTa DatA dATa dAtA DATa DAtA DATA DaTA
<already something amiss, RECOUNT, there's hardly any time left
<dissipation of time, naturally, DATA UNIVERSE gone down




srenilyc dna snoitcennoc fo stsehc::.llew sa sevael ,flesti tcejbo eht
,noitatic eht dna etis eht evael i ;nrob-llits si gnihtyreve tub .emit ni
tniop siht ta lacitirc smees taht ygolopot ot yhpargopot morf evom a -
cinagro eht ro cinihcam eht rehtie fo ecalp ni tros niatrec a fo
ytivitcennoc stneserp tsael ta hcihw ',ratava' dna ',edon' ',rednilyc'
sretcarahc htiw gnitirw neeb ev'i .elpoep eht wonk neve t'nod i dna
noisivelet no seispotua fo spuesolc era ereht ,doog t'nsi ereh dnuora swen
eht .uoy ot kcits a dloh t'nac taht seidob ratava htiw ysub oot neeb ev'i
refinnej uoy togrof i:.regnuh ,htaed ,tsud ,snoteleks ,senob ,tsap eht fo
xedni etaciled siht ,ti dnuof i nehw deirc i ho - detnuah ,esaeler
,derehtetnu ,etacifitrec taht evah i ;tirem fo etacifitrec a dedrawa saw
enoemos 1481 ni .etag eht ta retlaf sgnitirw ym os tsuj - sdlrow fo
ytiligarf eht fo ,siht fo dias eb nac tahw .kcabdeef ,ecnalab laropmet ot
deit os ,eligarf os er'yeht - snoitatneserper fo nieks a ni dezinagro era
skrow dna sgnignoleb ym lla .syad fo rettam eht ni ,ylkciuq deneppah hcihw
noisrepsid a ,sedaced revo delbmessa dna dezinagro ehs dlrow eht fo
noisrepsid eht :htaed yna ni sneppah tahw ,deid rehtom ym nehw dnahtsrif
denrael i ;meht evah t'nod netfo dna seman deen sgniht .msinagro dna
noitcennoc fo egrem eht si rewolf eht ,epahs a si rewolf eht ,dnucef
,detcennoc si rewolf eht:.dlrow eht krow .meht tegrof .emit ni tniop siht
ta yrassecen ylno sporp ynam os sa raeppasid taht stcurtsnoc cinihcam
,slexip ,smirp tub gnihton .nrobhtrae ,nrobria ,htriber fo etats tnatsnoc
ni ,sselriah ,desnaelc ,lautriv eht fo yranigami ,laer eht fo tirg eht
,noitatneserper fo seihpargopot ,aidem fo seigolopot ,aidem dna seidob fo
seihpargopot ,erised fo seigolopot ,stnemom lla ,raeppasid sevil fo
sevaehs ,sraeppasid taht yalpsid cinagro ni selor gniyalp-xes

strap dna stnemhcatta fo tesolc drawyaw ym ni si srotcev dna sedon fo
selbat llams ruoY

refinneJ-uluJ em gninrut - strap dna stnemhcatta fo tesolc ym otni spees
tsaerb ruoY


cheap shots

dances of exaltation and mourning. the most beautiful captured images
dance routes. death churns bodies as homes habitus dissolve. these dances
beneath the sheets, kira beneath the sheets, 27 small gifs lasedance
series. series is cloud clusters; it takes beneath the sheets, gary manes
would have dancework darknet decathected decathecting decathection
decathects movements _catatonic sex-dances_ or rites passage held in
position wise dull transmissions. a catatonic sex-dance molding ingestion
beneath the sheets, whose flesh carved into semblance human being). called
'sex-dance' if dual; also 'corporation-dance,' 'money-dance,' 'incorpora-
tion-dance,' 'culture-dance,' 'death-dance.' sheavent beneath the sheets,
mapping cohering. dance beneath the sheets, like that bees beneath the
sheets, course any tonic substance-catatonia (misnomer oxymoron to boot)
inscription-sex-dance (the same beneath the sheets, other boot beneath the
sheets, terms booting mono-accordance with academy fine arts pay scales.
assistance / guidance you need from me? re-mappings back "first life"
spaces dancers live geography (where 3d cave is) beneath the sheets,
computer sciences beneath the sheets, english. dancer/performer foofwa -
this work shown mostly europe laws state california beneath the sheets,
without giving will be around then dancer geneva). use dance- space for
rehearsal filming (this could motion capture equipment second life beneath
the sheets, working significant groups like beneath the sheets, bouncing
forth between worlds beneath the sheets, taking mocap data upon has been
experimenting performance either solo (foofwa space simulator where
avatars can go see hear how everything you? obviously i saw recording
stuff. do tending body beneath the sheets, song voice beneath the sheets,
among through film beneath the sheets, digital media beneath the sheets,
words beneath the sheets, improvisational music beneath the sheets,
experimental music; december issue beneath the sheets, beneath the sheets,
impossible ritual beneath the sheets, alan sondheim investigates
shortcomings impossibilities behavior beneath the sheets,
dancer/choreography d'imobilite beneath the sheets, based new york geneva
beneath the sheets, courses film at brown university. works swiss dancer/
art cackle beneath the sheets, science; he'll remove dancer/choreographer



Roiling encounters and reminder of Millennium show forthcoming.

Stories are constructed from narrative tropes, here reduced to the minimum
as policehamscanner tends towards gaps in transmission, bandwidth skit-
ters,

Who should find the fourteen-year-old boy, the burning apartment intact or
thrummed into oblivion, defuge of l.a., hostage, I remain at my desk,
there is one encounter, and for that as for many other,s, for example that
of a stranger in the city, I hear no end of it, nothing coming forth, no
glued to transmission reception, I will be your transitive, I will pass on
among ye, I will pass before and behind thee, I will pass within thee, I
will pass without thee, and that which I convey I have already forgotten,
I am yaw to your mind, larboard to your starboard.

Who will be that one awaiting completion, who will signify the order of
completing, awaiting the completing, passing swiftly by?

http://www.alansondheim.org/scanner1.mp3

Reminder: A screening of work at Millennium, 66 East Fourth Street, 8
p.m., Saturday March 15, of work pertaining to these and other emanents
generated and roiled among machines of transmission, filtering, reception,
with due explanation, a beautiful evening promised for one and all. Please
come if you are in the neighborhood of Manhattan, and thank you, we will
be more entertaining than policescanner and perhaps more musical


Of the most beautiful captured images of dance


Last night I thought: Karl Kraus and Nietzsche, stillborn, damaged; no 
matter how clear the crystal, how strong an insistent dna produces those 
semblances of originary moments, everything disappears in the end. Or in 
the end is wounded, a wound. Nothing from the past needs to / can / heal; 
the past is superseded, bypassed; culture and species take circuitous 
routes. Death churns bodies as homes and habitus dissolve. These dances, 
however striated, remain unique as orbitals; our lab room will is perhaps 
close to abandonment, outside the snow is falling, perhaps for the very 
last time.

I. results from the large Cyrex laser: Foofwa solo / Foofwa & Azure & 
Kira, 27 small gifs - http://www.alansondheim.org/ the lasedance series.

II. With Motion Builder scaffolding, not too large -
http://www.alansondheim.org/booboo.mp4 - the last of the bvh transformed.

The lasedance series is cloud clusters; it takes, as Gary Manes would have 
it, considerable AI to decide on object choices. So these are raw data 
files which are by far the most beautiful, convey the most information. 
When you look at the gifs, click on the + sign to see them at the original 
size; otherwise, you'll get odd moire patterns which can be nuisance.

The exaggerated perspective exalts the performative aspects of the poses 
which capture in fact a compressed space-time dynamic. In booboo (named 
after Rat Pfink a Boo Boo) it's inverse; the motion is de/jected, reduced 
to that of an alien crab or daddy-long-legs (neither insect nor spider).

Five yeses to these: yes yes yes yes yes.


abacus actant actants aesthetic aesthetics aether alan alansondheim 
alterities alterity Amidah analogic anorectic anysign aphoristic app 
apperception archaea aristotelian arounds artworks asondheim asymbolia 
audion audiophiles authorial avatar avatars avatartist awk Badiou BBS bio 
biome biomes blogging blogs bmp Boojum bookshops bricolage buddha bushido 
bvh CA camcorder Carboniferous castrated cataclysm cathect cathected 
cathecting cd cdrom CEN Centre chiasm chiasmus chora choreographies 
chthonic circumlocuted circumscription clits clots codework codeworks 
coherencies collocations com communality Compaq complicit conceivings 
confluence consciousnesses consensualities contestation cordons cum cums 
cunt cunts Cybermind cyberspace cyborg cyborgs d'eruza d'Imobilite d'nala 
dancework darknet decathected decathecting decathection decathects 
decathexis deconstruct deconstructed deconstructing deconstruction 
deconstructs deerflies defuge dementia denudation Derrida desiccated 
destabilization dharma dhtml diachronically diachrony diegesis diegetic 
differance differend Difilter dis disassociating disassociations 
discomfiture discomforted disinvested disinvestment dismember 
distantiation Distributivities dreamwork DSL ecologies ectoplasm effusions 
electricks emanants emanent emanents emergences empathetic empathized 
encapsulations entasic entropic episteme epistemologies ether ethernet 
everglades exe experientials expulsions extasis extensivity exteriority 
externality extinctions extrusions familiality fantasm fantasmic fasciatus 
feedforward fetishism fictivity filmmaker filmstock filterings fingerboard 
foofwa foregrounded frisson futurology gamespace gameworld genidentical 
genidentity genitals geomatics gestural gesturally gigabytes glossolalia 
Google Graphemes grep gridlines habitus halfgroupoid hallucinatory 
harmonica hee hemiptera heterological hir hirself historiographies 
holarchy homeostasis homeostatic hormonal htm html http hyperreality i'd 
i'm i've idealities ideogrammar ikonic imaginaries immersive immersivities 
implodes implosion inchoate incoherency incompletes indexical indexicality 
informatics ing inherence inscriptive intentionality interiority 
internality internet interpenetrate interpenetrated interpenetrating 
interpenetration interpenetrations introjecting introjection introjections 
isp izanagi java javascript jectivites jectivities jectivity Jen jennifer 
jewish jisatsu jouissance jpg judgmental julu kanji karma Kebara killdeer 
Kira koan kwat Lacan landbirds languaging latinate lejeune LEK Liardon 
libidinal lifeform lifeworld liguus liminal linksys linux literarily LOL 
lpmud ludic machinic Madhyamaka magatama malnourishment mandala manifesto 
mantra Marvellous masochism materialist mathematization mathesis maws 
mediaspace megafauna menued messay miami microworlds minefields mishmash 
misrecognition Moab mocap moil monoculture monopole Morgantown moron 
morphing morphs motility mov mp ms Mt multiculturalism multiculturalisms 
multilathing multlathe muybridge Myouka nakasukawabata nano nanobot Nara 
narcissism narratologies narratology negationed neighborhooding Netscape 
netsplit neurophysiologies newbies nietzsche nijinsky nikuko Nikuko's 
nostalgias Nothing's nub NYC objecthood oeuvre offline ok ontologies org 
organelles originary ornithology othering overdetermined paleolithic 
Panamarenko panix panopticon particulation paysage PDA Peachboy peerings 
penis performative performativity periphyton perl phallocentric phallus 
phantasms phenomenologist physico playnt pneumosphere poolings portico 
positionings postmodern postmodernism postmodernity pre presencing 
presentification Prespace primordials prims problematized problematizes 
problematizing protolanguage psychoanalytical psychoanalytically 
psychoanalytics punctum punning qbasic Quicktime realspace rearticulation 
rebirths redhat regimens reification reifications reify reinscribed 
reinscription releasement remakes rills RNA romola rotifera RSS runnels 
sac saccadic sado safewords Sagdish satori sawgrass schizophrenias 
seamount sed sememe sememes Semiology semiosis semiotics serrated 
sexualities sexualizations sexualizes shakuhachi shamisen shard sheffer 
shimenawa shinjuu shithead shorebird sightless signifiers simulacra 
simulacrum sions skein skeining skeins skinwork skittering sl Snoxfly 
sondheim soundwork sourceless sourcess spam spatio speakings specicide 
sprites steerage stentor striations stromatolite structuralism 
subgroupoids subjectivities Subsonic substructural subtext subtexted 
subtextual susan Sutra symbologies symptomologies synchronic 
synchronically Sysadmins systemics syzygy tabla tamiami tantra tantric 
taxonomies techne teledildonics teleologies temporality tendrils terns 
tessellations textuality thanatopoesis tion tions tr trAce traceroute 
tracert trans trope tropes txt typifications ulpan ums un unfoldings 
unhinging unicode uninscribed unix untheorized upwelling ur URL URLs 
valium vicodin videowork virtualities virtuality vlf voiceovers voyeur 
VRML Waypoint webboard webcam Webpage Webpages website websites wetware 
wetwares WiFi willets worlding wryting www yamabushi yamantaka ytalk 
zaurus zazen zither


(Final) Frontier


I like to believe I'm working on a frontier and all I can tell you is 
what's on the normative side of things; the rest is yet to be seen, 
unabsorbed. Once brought in from the Pale, it's of lesser interest, but 
beyond the Pale there's nothing but the agony of shadows. Defuge takes 
over and the frontier, always an imaginary, shudders and reconvenes.

The videos/choreographies exist between human and human - someone was 
there making the original files with motion capture, and someone is at the 
other end, watching and using them once again. The virtual is a shadow of 
the real, the real is a shadow of the virtual, and within the true world 
superimpositions, gestures, and the fading of ontologies characterize what 
remains of the fixity of inscriptive practices of the classical and modern 
ages.

Distinctions are blurred through embedding and filtering. Avatars and 
humans - together, emanents - are embedded in online virtual worlds, in 
spaces which are simultaneously physical/inert/analog and virtual/mobile/ 
digital. Every seeing, every being, is a filtering; existence and copula 
are interwoven. A current collection of texts is called Messays; in a 
Messay, there's no leading sentence, no orderly sequence of ideas, no 
summings-up, no conclusions. The essay is to classical narratology as the 
messay is to future true world genres which seep into one another, head- 
less and tailless - meandering on the one hand, problematic obeisance to 
protocols on the other.

What we started with is the body which is inscribed with scars, scratches, 
tears, wounds, blemishes, abrasions, cuts, and all other debris carrying 
analogic history into the symbolic. What we continued with are tattoos, 
incisions, fashion, gesture, languagings, and what continually emerges is 
the body harboring technology as self retreats or withdraws, puckers, from 
the wild symphonics of externally-applied filters digging ever deeper.

The walk or arm-swing becomes gesture becomes anysign becomes trade-off, 
translation, transformation, exchange, interoperability, reified territor- 
ialization. One sits at a console and breathes through sheave-skin, 
another begins vortex stage-center with flesh-electric, a third wanders 
memory of others airless, unbreathing, peripheral wanderings mediated at 
mind's back. From the airless, flesh-breathers are attracted, gather, 
project and introject, their selves flowing, flooding, abjecting, full of 
scent and coagulation.

We take our tiny community of people up and down mountains, in and out of 
clubs and iced fields, across the chiasm of cut bodies and body cuts, 
mines and other extractive industries across the flesh of land and bodies. 
What we bring back is always new, even if only in the slightest detail, a 
brush of the hand or turn of the head that was never seen before. And we 
keep to our goal of understanding filtering and embedding better than 
before, and understanding bodies in the always future anterior world, the 
true world of emanents and anysign where we're living, breathing, writing 
and wryting, this and any future day.

Almost every avatar you see represented is a composite of two people; if 
you see two avatars engaged with one another, the engagement is contiguous 
at best, and each avatar is itself a composite. The composites are male 
and female; they reflect and murmur other in relation. Two are four, four 
are eight, eight are sixteen. Or more, depending on the configuration of 
motion-capture, the independence of minds and intentions. 

Laplanche and Pontalis, The Language of Psychoanalysis, the Imaginary:

"In the sense given to this term by Jacques Lacan (and generally used 
substantively); one of the three essential orders of the psycho-analytic 
field" [...]

[...] "Lacan brought forward the idea that the ego of the human infant - 
as a result, in particular, of its biological prematurity - is constituted 
on the basis of the image of the counterpart (specular ego).

Bearing in mind this primordial experience: we may categorize the 
following as falling  into the Imaginary:

a. from the intrasubjective point of view, the basically narcissistic 
relation of the subject to his ego;

b. from the intersubjective point of view, a so-called _dual_ relationship 
based on - and captured by - the image of a counterpart (erotic attrac- 
tion, aggressive tension). For Lacan, a counterpart (i.e. another who is 
me) can only exist by virtue of the fact that the ego is originally 
another." [...]

Thus simultaneously a space of mirroring and of singular constitution, a 
space of a real and an evanescence. In Second Life, objects are 
constituted in relation to a well-ordered data-base, without which the 
enumeration of potential behaviors, constructions, and wanderings would 
be impossible. 

"another who is me" - another always is me, neither constitutive nor part- 
and-parcel. One leaps on the page to "Incorporation": "Process whereby the 
subject, more or less on the level of phantasy, has an object penetrate 
his body and keeps it 'inside' his body." Etc. etc., more or less. One 
might argue that it is always incorporation, that the world is world by 
virtue of _devouring._ I would ask, who pulls the strings, moves the 
sensors, whereby one has been two, two murmur one, in these image of 
behaviors that are simultaneously inconceivable, and at the root of every 
narrative?

It doesn't stop there; the avatars are the result of filtered behavior, 
filtered in such a way that f(n) does not equal 1, i.e. is not trans- 
parent, but in fact transforms behavior into caricature that gnaws at the 
body, representative and within a primordial gnawing, if you like. (This 
filtering occurs in the transmission/reception stage of raw sensor data 
turning towards coherent representation. Filtering is mobile, perhaps 
system noise, more likely hacking or rupture, the dim imaging of presence 
unaccounted-for. Any reception is filtered - I'm arguing for yet another 
stage in the communications model, existing in those liminal interfaces 
among block-diagram entities and arrows.)

Table 5, Eco's theory of codes in A Theory of Semiotics - the Watergate 
(hydraulic) Model interpreted in relation to expression and content 
planes. But framed on the left: "Continuum / Light, electric phenomena / 
Non-semiotic matter" and on the right: "Continuum / the unshaped continuum 
of the position of the water along with everything one can think about it 
/ Non-semiotic matter." One discretely cuts surgically within the analogic 
which remains impervious, bounding; a discrete cut cuts discretely, con- 
structs difference across fissure, that is operates within and constructs 
inscription. Isn't the world such an inscription? Let us think of non- 
semiotic matter as _dark matter_ to be brought within the fold (pli).

Selves are located, others and an others are located, between these mat- 
ters, which are all that matter, out of which the drawing-forth is tempor- 
ary at best. Nagarjuna has no position and this positionlessness is as 
close as one can get. 

The doubled figures within the figures of the avatars you see projected on 
the screen, live or in careful reproduction, are uncanny; they appear in 
documentary footage to be completely independent, but by virtue of the 
sensors are connected, as in Bell's theorem, in such a manner as a frac- 
tured _monother_ or entity is produced. Conflicting forces are combined 
without effect or affect traveling among them: there is no resolution, 
only tearings as the image-monother accommodates them all. Think of the 
movements as _catatonic sex-dances_ or rites of passage held in position 
precisely by those noisy channels which, parasitic, spew culture in other- 
wise dull transmissions. A catatonic sex-dance is a molding or ingestion, 
incorporations, of others in order to form selves (an 'adult' is an entity 
whose flesh is carved into the semblance of a human being). A dance is 
called 'sex-dance' if it is dual; it is also 'corporation-dance,' 'money- 
dance,' 'incorporation-dance,' 'culture-dance,' 'death-dance.' Sheave- 
skins generate nothing internally but imaginaries; externally, they 
generate internals. Think of the monother as worlding, the mapping of 
external universes onto, within, small finite spaces which appear coher- 
ent, the mapping cohering. The dance, like that of bees, is of course any 
communication, established or not, channeled or not; one might think of 
beings inhabiting monothers in such a way that their touch is full, 
replete, of one another. What you see on the screen may appear both tired 
and strange, but it is also a model of the true world within which 
monothers characterize life and lives, living, inhabitations, habitus. 
(Think of the 'it' in 'one going it alone.') 

You have to look for the specific discrete levels, nodes, configurations, 
on the expression plane - all of which are moving at high-speed - but you 
_must_ look, drawing forth a narrative, which, like all others, is yours 
and yours alone and ties, however uncomfortably, the appearance of beings 
into Being. You have to see monothers shimmering among modes of existence, 
ontologies, for example, movements among rocks and cliffs and movements 
among intended rocks and cliffs, deferring among intentional/configured 
ontologies, and those which are mute, inert, idiotic. Or divide the cata- 
tonic sex-dance into substance-catatonia (misnomer and oxymoron to boot) 
and inscription-sex-dance (the same, the other boot, terms booting mono- 
thers into the arena). 

Now you're getting closer to the relationship among inscription, code, 
substance, communication, &tc, and further might bring you permanently, 
like a matchmaker.com, into collusion from collocation, where contiguity 
and contingency meld and something permanently unnameable emerges, where 
Nagarjuna's grasping, samsara, appears:

" When there is a grasping, the grasper
  Comes into existence.
  If he did not grasp,
  Then being freed, he would not come into existence. "

(The Fundamental Wisdom of the Middle Way, Nagarjuna's Mulamadhyamakakar- 
ika, translation and commentary Jay L. Garfield.)

Let them go at that.



true world newsreel


The newsreel of part-objects, snippets of radio communication as heard, 
stuttered stories which remain incomplete, deferred, a call for help from 
a vessel, things burning, missing, people with guns, raptures, misrecogni- 
tions, what makes the night go faster in Brooklyn New York and everywhere. 
This is the truth of cinema, raw-fed documentary. If there were a narrato- 
logical ground, this would be it; if there were recuperation, this would 
be the initial stages of constitution. Everything defers to raw data, 
which, by a circuitous route, announces itself, establishes sequencing by 
repetition. Every inscription is unique, of a sort or type, typed. The 
lexicon of events is narrow. Listening reveals nothing but whispers that 
there is nothing to be revealed, or what is present is of revelation. What 
remains to be said or inscribed is the coagulation of culture. Every 
culture has a theory sifting coagulation; such a theory is culture. There 
is no gainsaying this, no way to make headway, no events; there is voice.

http://www.alansondheim.org/newsreel.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/news2.mp3


death-gloom


how did we get here
we've been 
here 
all along

now getting 
along in years
distances that seemed surmountable
become unbridgeable chasms

or:
up in years
touch 
now
unbridged

on this side we
watch from 
the other 
separations stretch and break

not here, not there
i can't look 
everywhere for you

i'm growing apart from 
myself 
they're separating

from 

this peak 
this 
speak
name






He died in her sleep.

(or: She died in his sleep.)

'For vices all have different ends,
But virtue still to virtue tends.'
(Swift)
The long and narrow road, catastrophe theory's fragility of good things, 
beset on every side by the efflorescence, fecundity, of vice; if Heaven is 
pure substance, Vice is impure inscription; if Heaven is continuous, Vice 
is discrete; if Heaven is discrete, Vice is the heart of indiscretion 
itself.

He died in their sleep. In their longing for rest, he was one of the 
forgotten, his body withering away to practically nothing, his data-base 
entries under erasure, digitally smudged, evaporated. Perhaps he said 
something, anything, at one point, but pronouns long since disappeared.

'_The chora,_ which is neither "sensible" nor "intelligible," belongs to a 
"third genus" (_triton genos,_ 48e, 52a). One cannot even say of it that 
it is _neither_ this _nor_ that or that it is _both_ this _and_ that." 
(Derrida)
Sheffer added another before his death, not _both_ this _and_ that. 
I added these comments, as well, before my death, which I await, again, in 
someone else's sleep, that unknown of dreaming I shall never greet.





image

I'm going nowhere, but I'm going straight.
There's a bridge ahead, what if I go right?
What if I go left, there's a bridge ahead.
The bridge vectors the world, what if it's 3-d?
What if something's underneath, dark woods and trolls?
Or picture of dark woods or wandering, I'm too wandering.
Everything's washed away, my tongue's cut out.
I can't take this picture and I took this picture.
I can't take it anywhere, I'm going nowhere.
MY PATH IS LIKE A TWIG. I'm Hyperion and you are too.
There's nothing in the stream between one fork and another.
But the earth, the earth.

Years ago I wrote how stupid I was. Stupid stupid stupid.
Isn't this proof, do you need any more?
MY PATH IS LIKE A BROKEN TWIG. It's on the road somewhere.

http://www.alansondheim.org/nowhere.jpg

I can't even end this.





story and images for today


< images from today's work with new media class,
Azure Carter, Gary Manes
we're beginning to 'pack' these (these are point-sets)
narratives emerge out the other end
punctum in points, swirl-objects emptied of substance: the grid >

{but what sort of narratives? one can comic-strip images; if the tableau 
is 3-d, an .obj file is apropos, Blender or other viewer. think of moving 
around a static landscape, everything literally still-born.

people move within a scanning field, hold poses or continue on. events are 
transformed by an absence of disappearance, only transformations of view- 
point. everything is there, just as one might have planned, frozen moments 
at the end of the universe.

events are collapsed, as if they're time sliced, 4 into 3 into 2-d, then 
everything unravels at the other end, it's up to you, bring in the soft- 
ware, I'll supply the objects. then you might explore something stolid, 
interactive by its very nature, you come in wherever you want, leave 
whenever. now I must retire, Jezebel's on television, moving about in a 
very limited area, and I'm breathless.}

[I am the master of the stolid still-born narrative, master of the dead 
skin sheave-skin emanent. I make fake and I make fake real. fine me, don't 
mind me; I wryte the stories into dead-space.]

(please view at 1/1; otherwise you might get moire patterns, or at least 
an unwanted thickening, pixels clambering on pixels, no space left 
anywhere. for .obj/.mtl, try Blender, blender.org)

http://www.alansondheim.org/classb1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/classb2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/classb3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/classb4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/classb5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/classb6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/classb7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/classb8.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/classb9.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/classb91.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/classb92.jpg

first and last story < people of the solid world > 

http://www.alansondheim.org/group.obj
http://www.alansondheim.org/group.mtl
http://www.alansondheim.org/class.obj
http://www.alansondheim.org/class.mtl





consort consort
trueland sex
violent pulsion
buddha relics
broken petals
doubled puppets
soundless spaceless
instinct noise
crashland speed
airless forest
sheave-skin token
consort consort

http://www.alansondheim.org/realwar.mp4



This Sex which is not None


"When I move my eyes, I take account of their movement, without being 
expressly conscious of the fact, and am thereby aware that the upheaval 
caused in my field of vision is only apparent. Similarly sexuality, 
without being the object of any intended act of consciousness, can 
underlie and guide specified forms of my experience,. Taken in this way, 
as an ambiguous atmosphere, sexuality is co-extensive with life. In other 
words, ambiguity is of the essence of human existence, and everything we 
live or think has always several meanings. A way of life - an attitude of 
escapism and need of solitude - is perhaps a generalized expression of a 
certain state of sexuality,. In thus becoming transformed into existence, 
sexuality has taken upon itself so general a significance, the sexual 
theme has contrived to be for the subject the occasion for so many 
accurate and true observations in themselves, of so many rationally based 
decisions, and it has become so loaded with the passage of time that it is 
an impossible undertaking to seek, within the framework of sexuality, the 
explanation of the framework of existence, The fact remains that this 
existence is the act of taking up and making explicit a sexual situation, 
and that in this way it has always a double sense. There is interfusion 
between sexuality and existence, which means that existence permeates 
sexuality and _vice versa,_ so that it is impossible to determine, in a 
given decision or action, the proportion of sexual to other motivations, 
impossible to label a decision or act 'sexual' or 'non-sexual.' Thus there 
is in human existence a principle of indeterminacy, and this indeterminacy 
is not only for us, it does not stem from some imperfection of our 
knowledge, and we must not imagine that any God could sound our hearts and 
minds and determine what we owe to nature and what to freedom. Existence 
is indeterminate in itself, by reason of its fundamental structure [...]" 
(Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception)

It's murky, this being always hinting at structure or organ, somewhere 
down beneath the surface (invisible from the surface, from the exterior), 
well something's there causing the commotion, a messy engine or drive, 
pulsion, a vibration which comes and leaves in fits. Hard to reconcile 
with the rest of the chattered world, that boy's got something, that 
girl's got something, as if on a day in spring, a ripening, and what does 
that have to do with one's place in the cosmos? One begins to discern 
structure, a presence or devouring presence or presence to be devoured, 
but dimly, a symbol, cupped hands lifting up, you can hold water that way. 
The skin holds water, filters it. See, here's the Thing, Being is tawdry, 
sad, something to kick around, we can't get to the Universal; Being or 
beings make no difference at all, nothing, they're like a pair of socks, 
something to run around in. Being or emptiness, beings or Emptiness, we're 
talking about ourselves, a local farm, what's temporarily present in the 
biome. It's a "region," just as sex-being, being-sex, existence is a 
region, a region which is perhaps regional, perhaps not. Carrying organs 
and communities within us, and they make all the decisions, separations, 
our cries and murmurs, analytics, are regional paste, local determinations 
within the inconceivable; our conceptualizations are skitterings. It's a 
truism - I talk and write from inside my body. Conceptually, say whatever 
you want, this language machine, this computer, goes back to the Acheulian 
hand-ax and earlier; tools were always with us, always thrusting into 
earth or stem or flesh.

This is why existence is a dead word and sex is not; sex starts inside 
something and moves inside something and maybe something else, and 
existence, beings and Being, does nothing. Or does nothing outside the 
copula; existents reside within the copula, they're chained-linked in our 
imaginary which tries to hang on, with the slimmest of threads, to some- 
thing that might be considered, not only external (for we sense those, the 
scent of the true world), but out there, structure paralleling our own. We 
"just" tend to forget the copula, a female or male hand tying a knot 
making speaking, these wrytings, possible. Sexuality brings whatever else 
there is into the local; my body reflects my body, there's an uncanny 
surrounding, insistent on present presence, alterity, imminence, as if 
"here" and "there" jump-started one another in the boot-strap model of 
existence, powered by sex.

Sexual organs are situated, their effect that of diffusion, existence 
diffuses "as far as we're concerned," as far as "we're intended"; it's 
that hint of structure, which is somewhat other, messily other, that sur- 
faces as abstracted desire-in-language - all these names, desire, libido, 
frisson, arousal, id, what have you, and nothing's there, certainly not 
existence which seems to be driven by energy, impulse, force, unintended 
churning. Why we hardly know what we are. Or rather one might take struc- 
ture, as if it could separate from desire, existence, meta-psychology, 
meta-physics - one might take structure and make experiment of it. There 
are always artifacts, however ephemeral. You get practice out of it, 
communication, you can take it to the bank.

You get tangled up when thinking about the organs; it's better to keep 
things beneath the covers, much as existence is kept out of sight, out of 
our site to be sure. We always mistake the copula for copulation, the 
attribute for the thing, the thing for possible worlds, possible worlds 
for occurrences, occurrences for Being remote again from the organs; the 
true world is the mattering/nattering to and among us, and we have to mess 
with the symbolic in all sorts of ways - for example inscription, and then 
one form of erasing or another. Not to mention the magic slate, what's 
uncanny, what's strange, what estranges us.

There's nothing to say about emptiness but Nagarjuna says nothing anyway.





Face/t/ed


He can't get away from the face but doesn't realize it's not hollow, it's 
disappearance, defuge. If he would only turn around! But he doesn't, he 
thinks he's caught. Kira Sedlock and Foofwa d'Imobilite bring you the 
shuddering of a man beside himself within himself, caught by solids. 

It's untrue that, being caught, there's nothing catching one; the hard 
inertia of substance pins one to the ground. But inscription offers the 
last possibilities of play, the last chance to move, walk away from an 
anonymous other, not even a thing. Sheave-skin ephemera hardly survive; 
sustained by energy input from somewhere else ontologically at variance 
with their world, they're wayward, contrary. They don't face anything 
else, they never can. I thought of this man once, years ago, in the form 
of an iron sphere somewhere in space. I thought something went on inside. 

The first lesson I learned was absence. The second was the dream.

http://www.alansondheim.org/faced.mov


Riddle and Dressing for Tibet


'Something for Tibet,' other than petition and money is most likely sense- 
less, prayer is senseless, nothing holds against an absolute backed by 
what might pass for the inertial power of substance and its ability to 
degrade and violate. I might say my heart's in the right place, but who 
determines, who knows? So these image/videos are perhaps tantric, that is 
my tantric, it's inconceivable that they exist on any register of medita- 
tion when I can't hold my own even for a night's proper sleep. In my mind 
then these videos lend, one may borrow, as I have, perhaps, and China in 
Tibet is inconceivable and now, imminent, control is gone and these are 
remnants true but portals.

(I apologize for the slew/slough of videos swallowing texts as they gen- 
erate/are generated from their own subconscious (of which I am merely the 
catalyst of course). And I apologize for the weight of these videos, which 
are detailed to the extent that processing with a quad cpu and gigabytes 
of RAM takes two hours per minute just in preview mode. My initial text:

(When things go on limbs from scans of things moving slow.
(When things stand for limbs in communities of narrative.
(When things copulate things petrified they stand still.

(- as scans are attached to bodies, body parts - in other words nodes. A 
scan is already a compression begging for wandering as a means towards 
diegesis. And so many figures within it!: Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure 
Carter, David Bello, Kira Sedlock and myself - all find their way into 
wrapping, merging, hole-filling, shelling, smoothing, fine-tuning - all 
for a ragged presence run amuck, wayward, back again with the doubling of 
d'Imobilite, Sedlock, Carter and Bello. By the way, these productions use 
behavioral filtering - sin to tan for the most part - skittering scans and 
the memory of things off to infinity and back again, what happens between 
or among frames. (If you've watched any of the recent work, this culmin- 
ates the use of .obj files as cloth/ing narrative punctum. If you haven't, 
this and this might be the ones to watch. If you have you will see how 
these have moved from the other recent movies. Then you can see how 
narrative comes from objects close to dreams or deity generation, Tibetan 
stem, and nowhere to go but outward through the real.)) 

http://www.alansondheim.org/riddle.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/dressing.mp4





Birthing Homedance, Cross My Heart


Here is the plain description:
*Birthing: male with part-objects of female/birthing attached in anomalous 
Freudo-Lacanian space. The shudder, chiaroscuro. With sound. Continuous 
birthing with the weight of ruins of things.
*Homedance: male in silent homespace in two parts, first sine, second 
tangent. Movement of home is the heart of the male. The home is detached, 
Here is a moral: Home, habitus, is an illusion; everything is on the verge 
or lip of decathecting. And movement as well is an illusion occasioned by 
the hip rooted in camera-vision. 
*Crossmyheart: Female with the weight of shattered truth, an illusory 
enclosure which topologically transforms according to space and behavior.
Here is the theoretical move:
That of narrative moments which "breathe" without development, mise en 
scene or landscape of portents, portals, disturbed behavioral filters 
seduced by part-objects and the uncanny.

http://www.alansondheim.org/birthing.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/homedance.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/crossmyheart.mp4




Creed


http://www.alansondheim.org/ME.mov


I refuse
work canon
absolutely or
uniquely, genre
refuse medium.
canon I
or am
genre I
medium. absolutely
am 
I
fortunate be
enough able
to to
be create
able independently
create discipline,
independently moving
of fortunate
discipline, enough
moving 
to
across a
a variety
variety of
tools for
for philosophical,
philosophical, phenomenological,
phenomenological, and
and 
across
psychoanalytical am
investigation. well
well may
aware be
may myself
deluding investigation.
myself 
I
in other
everything hand
do, not
on bound
the by
other convention
hand or
I'm in
not everything
bound I
by do,
convention on
restricted of
possibilities advancement;
academic are
advancement; none
there for
are me
none restricted
me 
possibilities
never it
will is
be. a
If wall
my of
back my
is own
against and
wall, will
it be.
wall back
own 
the
making. reduce
reduce text,
things installation,
text, video,
installation, stillborn
audio, making.
video, If
stillborn 
I
image, result
this of
result not
channeled of
output, restricted
accretion this
In in
sense space
pure is
space the
most presencing
catatonic -
hypnagogic which
presencing I
- have
from to
which repeatedly
have catatonic
repeatedly 
hypnagogic
draw in
back, fact
ask the
if has
fact to
unbounded draw
has back,
led ask
misrecognition, 
if
trope If
that I
pervades can't
false find
worlds myself,
true. I
can't that
find pervades
myself, false
lost of
vicinity spacings
true timings,
world, its
its lost
spacings or
timings, the
memorial Outside
registerings. of
Outside ambition
ambition desire
desire legitimacy,
legitimacy, memorial
no me,
outside, these
contaminates of
me, imminent
these and
movings there
imminent no
immanent my
might sleep
give decries
solace, any
but such
sleep So
decries I
any immanent
such might
solution. give
So solace,
with continue
certain long
hunger, as
hoping I
continue without
as work
long with
can hunger,
without 
hoping
regard am
needs, aware
more be
than regard
nothing needs,
attained 
at 
end.

(Key: lost.)



another world

something burnishes and cuts through the iron world. something rusts. 
something grapples with something else. serrated edges grasp something. 
something topples and falls with a sound. something skitters to a stop. 
something plummets to the ground. something slips out from something. 
something stops something moving. something rises. something breaks 
something else. something shudders to a halt. something grinds to a halt. 
something wobbles. something is held in place. something crumbles. 
something cracks. something fissures. something rolls against something. 
something is turned over. something turns around. something stops moving. 
something grapples with something. something crawls up. something sinks. 
something dries out. something is carried somewhere. something glistens. 
something is wet. something bakes in the heat. something freezes in the 
cold.

something burnishes and cuts through the iron world. rusts. grapples with 
else. serrated edges grasp something. topples falls a sound. skitters to 
stop. plummets ground. slips out from stops moving. rises. breaks shudders 
halt. grinds wobbles. is held in place. crumbles. cracks. fissures. rolls 
against turned over. turns around. crawls up. sinks. dries out. carried 
somewhere. glistens. wet. bakes heat. freezes cold.

http://www.alansondheim.org/birthing3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/birthing4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/birthing5.jpg



Filter and being final plus video (notes for NSF workshop on codework:

http://www.alansondheim.org/nsf2.mp4 (large but worth it)

I'll try to keep this short -

i.

I want to generalize writing and coding as _inscription,_ and emphasize
that the world as we know it is already inscribed, encoded and decoded.
The lifeworld isn't analogic and/or mute; it's discrete and presencing.
It's discrete because we deal with symbols in order to communicate; we're
sending signs or tokens back and forth, very rarely the physical objects
of our desire.

One way of thinking about this is in terms of _filtering._ The usual model
of information, transmitter through receiver (with stuff of all sorts in
the middle channel) implies that there is a form of coherency and, if not
comprehension, at least "mutual orientation of cognitive domains," between
sender and receiver. I'd argue that this orientation occurs through
filtering which is always present, fuzzy, and possessing a political
economy of its own (think of Pribram's "retinal knowledge" for example,
the neural processing that occurs in the retina before signals are sent
from the eye to the brain).

Filtering isn't active or passive, inscribed or inscribing, and informa-
tion itself is non-existent, nothing, a form of particulate matter with an
ontology derived from organisms and apparatus.

Once we start (or end) here, "creative" writing splits; on one hand it
becomes _wryting_ - that's spelled with a "y" -a state of material
transformation, transmission, and reception; and on the other, it becomes
malleable, a spew interpreted as symbols. Here is the moment of creative
freedom which also splits - on one hand into or through unbounded, rule-
less 'creative' writing, drawn from an organism's interior - and on the
other, a fuzzy collocation of coding, languages, kludges, protocols, drawn
equally from interior impulse and external restraints (economic, etc.) or
goals that may be transformed in the process of inscription.

(I want to note that in the work I'm doing here at the Virtual Environ-
ments Laboratory, I've been exploring visual configurations or inscrip-
tions, configurations in which spaces, avatars, and objects interact in
uncanny ways, simultaneously malleable and protocol-driven:

Working within the visual and time-based register, static and dynamic
processes blur into one another. We can temporally code a tableau, moving
performers during slow-scan in much the same manner as characters appear-
ing at both ends of a panoramic photograph. We can also move them in terms
of depth, and we can create an interactive diorama in which the viewer
enters and meanders, reconstructing the original sequence of events. We
can also combine a tableau with encoded and restructured motion-capture
behaviors, using avatars or mannequins circulating among the diorama
elements, as "tourists" among ruins - in this manner there are several
interlocking layers of interpretation, the viewer in the midst of them.

With the aid of 3-dimensional laser scanning, we can present abject ele-
ments as if they were interior projections of the "tourists" themselves,
and it's not far from this that the potential for a 4-dimensional reading
or interpreting (seeing, witnessing) of 3-dimensional object _interiors_
occurs. The result is a 5-dimensional manifold as cultural object,
cultural abject. The possibilities for exploration are enormous here, a
kind of pure escapism of dialog, narrative, arousal, creation and
annihilation, in which ultimately nothing happens, no one gets hurt.

So this leads to another direction I'll just mention briefly - thinking of
creative writing as a kind of inscribing in any medium at all. We can then
talk about creative inscription, creative coding, whatever, emphasizing a
"new media" approach to all of this, rather than thinking of electronic
literature, e-literature, interactive writing, etc.)

To misquote the physicist David Finkelstein, one might consider program-
ming as fucking with/in a universe of abstracted ontologies, and creative
writing as masturbation-fantasy, moving just about anywhere, anywhen. Both,
however, have inscription and filtering in common and neither presents or is
pure 'presence' within the world. On the other hands, both meander among
rules, although with differing obeisance, and both have, at their core, a
freedom that is as absolute as anything gets.

How can this be useful pedagogically? In terms of creative writing, the
answer is, I believe, to think of texts as both intentional, cohering, and
as material objects which are always already filtered; this leads to
thinking about filtering and different forms of filtering as creative
writing practice. In terms of programming, not being a programmer (but
working with programmers), I'm not sure; I'd argue that, for an outsider,
filtering appears at the interstices or liminal spaces between program and
framework (inputs, outputs, interfaces, hardware (in the traditional
sense, and in the sense of information-laden substance), and so forth).
And I'd want to look at the phenomenological horizons of programming, not
only through this filtering, but also within programs and programming in
general: Where is the programmer in the midst of her subroutine? And where
is the freedom then/there?

I do want to note one final thing here - that I'm placing too much empha-
sis on specificity, the discrete. One of the directions I've been explor-
ing at the VEL is to consider the _abject,_ which remains indeterminate
and close th analogic substance - something "gooey," not "GUI," for
example. It's here that we humans can explore the world which refuses
discrete curtailment, which abjures communication.

ii.

Some parallels between poetry and code:

1. Both treat language as a material with "additional," even surplus,
structure in relation to presumably normative prose. In other words,
poetry works with tropes such as rhyme, rhythm, "resonance," metaphor,
metonymy, etc. - all the devices of rhetoric that appear linguistic
"material" - acoustic or page/screen/etc. - on a meta- or abject- level,
just as codework works with protocols, elements extraneous to the surface
meaning, but inextricably entangled with it.
2. Both are "writerly" texts in the sense that, in order to read them,
additional work (meta, interiority) is required that's not required of
standard prose.
3. One might say that standard prose possesses subtexts in the sense of
"underlying meanings" that encompass paragraphs, chapters, entire works -
while the subtexts of codework and poetry are also on the level of letters,
words, sentences, and so forth. I remember the Mirror of Composition saying
that "A poem is a sentence with flavour." (rasa). That applies.
4. On a practical level, the communities of practitioners intersect -
Vincent Cerf has poetry in the RFC, there are Perl poems, and there are
poets who work through concepts of programming, such as Catherine Daly.




jump to the point

Sheave skin / carapace like leather illustrating theoretical talk. I'm 
sick of the human form. It jumps from one reading to another; it recep- 
tion is too automated, too buried. It's far too familiar, too vulnerable 
to defuge, over-cathecting, decathecting, arousal, hormonal secretions, 
reflex archaeology of fear, flight, violence, love, imprinting, fetishiz- 
ation. It's brutal; it catalyzes behavioral repertoires - states jump 
catastrophically from one to another. It's as if there's no abjection or 
no abjection worth talking about (you can't talk about abjection). I'm 
sick of abjection, sick of steamy sleazy squeamed-space; its liminality 
depends on the body and what's taken for its (sickening) normative form. 
Bend it, twist it, otherwise transform it - the elements always assert 
themselves, our eyes betray us into false familiarity. So here goes again 
another variation just as almost every story is variation on bodies 
through time, bodies squawking, squealing, mewling, talking, yakking, 
yacking, yapping, humming, singing, whatever bodies do, I guess cry, 
weeping, laughing. There's only somewhat bodies do; there's only somewhat 
subjects see.

I'm sick of the discourse of bodies, fluids, war, violence, arousal, sex, 
secretion, membrane, excretion, effluvia, defuge, liquidity, the damp and 
scent, the odor and smell, wound, carapace, tissue, flesh, scar, pain; 
what more could possibly be said, recast, transformed, transfused, in- 
fused, written and rewritten, wrytten - in fact or fancy, inscription or 
symbol, mark or token, analog or digital, subject or object, fissure or 
sinter, sign or image, imaginary or imaginary? It goes on and on, struc- 
ture and substructure, text and subtext, mathesis and semiosis, substance 
and process, state and operator. It never breaks out; it can't break out, 
it's all their is, even inscription goes on within it, emptiness goes on 
within it, tantra goes on within and without it, analogic and metonymic, 
metaphoric and contrary: discrete and the wound of nothingness.

So again it's trying to talk, trying to assemble, to dissemble, trying to 
_seem,_ trying to walk-talk in airless space, in dimension-five space, in 
slice-of-death. It's trying to tell us something, we're too bored to care, 
too inundated to listen, too lost for comfort: we're the dis of dis/ease, 
dis/comfort, dis/semble, dis/crete. Bodies churn, worlds are minimal, true 
world is all there is, is there. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/nsf2.mp4 new file w/old name, amazing

Stretched faces, I'm sick of stretching, I can't face them, you see the 
faceless, you'll make something out of it, you'll make something with it, 
you'll make something of it. I'm done with it, it's done with me, it's the 
same old story that's the same old story, it's the other, there's none 
other, there's nothing accountable, it's unaccounted-for, unaccountable, 
uncountable, it's abject, I'm gone, I'm out of here, I'm lost in it, I'm 
lost in you, I'm lost in them, I'm outside looking in, I'm inside looking 
out.

(It's not Araki, Bellmer, Bataille, Spears, Hilton, twitch, shudder,
shutter, glimpse, diary, sickness, phallus, objet, ding, plastic, mobile,
film, tableau, dream, real, virtual, uncanny, fantasy, phantasy, inert,
obdurate, video, video-telephone, suture, surgery, mandala, mantra, life,
artificial, death, continuous, discrete, presence, absence, Being, beings,
nothingness, creation, annihilation. It's secret manic joy, shortcut
phenomenology, spinoff organism, crash-land Tokyo, hummock and plasma
ecology. It's high-speed try before I die, everything I didn't dream of,
deliverance from thought, one last chance, electrostatic kinography. It's
this misplaced paragraph, worlding as-if parenthetical enclosure con-
structs the good-old-fashioned-real, Beau-Brummel-Roseland-Cafe-Wha-Anti-
Club, Minutemen solo at the door. It's dead countries. It's dead.)




Analogy


"The most important analogy of all is that of affiliation: the candidate 
should affiliate his body, speech, and mind with the Body, Speech, and 
Mind of the Buddha, called the three mysteries. According to Mkhas grub 
rje, it is this affiliation which establishes the superiority of the 
Diamond Vehicle (the Tantras) over non-tantric Buddhism. One affiliates 
his body by gesture (mudra), his speech by incantation (mantra) and his 
mind by deep concentration (samadhi). Mkhas grub rje's Fundamentals... 
states, 'In the Kriya and Carya (Tantras) one intensely contemplates the 
body as Great Seal (mahamudra), speech as Incantation (mantra), and mind 
as Reality (tattva). This is the 'Quick Path' because all avenues of the 
being are operating for a common goal: the body, speech, and mind are not 
working at cross purposes.

In such a case, we might say of body, speech, and mind, what Arya-Sura 
wrote in his Jataka-mala in description of King Sihi (but in his case 
meaning the three types, kama, artha, and dharma). [...]

'In him all forms having multitudes of virtues consistent with the three 
types appeared with common residence as though from merger of rivalries, 
and they had no loss of brilliance due to opposition and commotion.'

In Hinduism it is believed that these three types when in harmony yield 
the fourth one, liberation (maksa)."

(Alex Wayman, Yoga of the Guhyasamajatantra, The Arcane Lore of Forty 
Verses, A Buddhist Tantra Commentary, Motilal Banardsidass, 1990.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/vortex1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vortex2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vortex3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/vortex4.png

(perhaps unlike software/programming) in my work, there are no errors, 
only creative commotion on the lip, edge, or brink; there are repertoire 
extensions to be sure; analogy dissolves; commotion is brilliance; what 
dissolves is nothing whatsoever; what's left is nothing whatsoever; in the 
airless realm; in the unintended or intentionless realm; in the true world 
and the breaking of intention and the intended; in annihilation already 
foregone or future anterior; in the blank of the afterthought of the alpha 
channel; in mind noh-mind no-mind; in mindless speechless air; in no-body.

(i am full of myself; full of air; i suffocate; therefore i am air.)




Valeska Gert


{ http://www.alansondheim.org/inf.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/inm.mp4
inside bodies rooted at the hip 
slightest movement, shudder, shiver
body-stutter, warmed probed flesh
slightest movement from inside
maybe shudder or shiver from inside
maybe warmed probed flesh f&m }


Was nicht geht, das geht nicht mehr,
mir ist so sonderbar zumut.
Wenn das wirklich alles war,
dann ist das Leben nicht sehr gut.
Seht, mein Fleisch verfaulet schon,
viel zu vieler Liebe Lohn.
Fruh du Ende ist der Spass,
fruh sind wir der Wurmer Frass. 
 
 (Ich bin eine Hexe, Kaleidoskop meines Lebens)

What does not work, that's no longer
I am curious as reasonable.
If this really was everything,
Then life is not very good.
You see, my meat verfaulet know,
Far too many love wage.
Breakfast is you end the fun,
We are the early worms Frass.

We are the early worms' muck, swill, food.
An early end is a joke.
See, my flesh already decays
It's so strange to me, moody 
For too many love's a wage

+++

Salutations from the Mumien cellar

Dann raffe ich die giftgrune Schleppe, schluchze ein paar Takte aus der 
Schonen Blauen Donau und verschwinde.

 (Ich bin eine Hexe, Kaleidoskop meines Lebens)
	
Then I understand the giftgrune train, schluchze a few bars of the Blue 
Danube and Scania disappear.

Then I grabbed the green poison bag, sobbed a few bars





a severe bout of depression


only one sensor moves and that is one inside the body
everything else is still as if a silent snow falls on the skin
'the' points to nothing and that is annihilation
i have a nail in my head
when i hit the nail in my head i have a nail in my head
when i hit the nail in my head i have a nail in my head
when i hit the nail in my head i have a nail in my head
when i hit the nail i have a nail
when i hit the nail i have a nail
i will be dead these several months what can happen
now at this very moment dizziness overwhelms me
snow falls inside the body and everything is still
only the sound of someone hammering in the distance



Buddha


'There is no jewel in this world so great as the Svadhisthana,
if purified by the Clear Light like a gem cleansed by fire.'

(trans. Waxman, 'Svadhisthana' - Illusory Body)

Buddha is virtual particle. Buddha crawls out from delete file rc.folders
file; Buddha disappears. Buddha tells me uncanny brilliance. Buddha watch
someone tries gathering Buddha pieces. From under delete file. Pieces of
someone gathering. Pieces of delete files. From someone trying to put
together. From someone broken. Who are that someone broken. Bachi and moktak
images pure substance. Of back hypnagogic mind. Of smashed history. Someone
broken memory. Marks where were vowels. Of what some vowels. Of what words.
What language. Bu ub bu ub bu ub. One side. Another. Of side gathering
illusion body. Of surface volume. Of open closed. Appearance of cymbal
sound. Of brain holding kindness stroke. Of mind fleeing brain. Of
brain-flight mind. Mind disappear. Samsara broken. Of the disappearance of
mind, the lotus. Of the disappearance of samsara, the lotus. Of the lotus,
broken memory. Bu ub bu ub bu ub. Of generation. Completion.

bachi, moktak, cymbal
http://www.alansondheim.org/bu.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ub.mp4
bachi
http://www.alansondheim.org/pick1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pick2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pick3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pick4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pick5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pick6.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pick7.png
moktak
http://www.alansondheim.org/bell1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/bell2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/bell3.png




f / 0 / m ==> m / 0 / f

Looking up www.alansondheim.org first
Looking up www.alansondheim.org
Making HTTP connection to www.alansondheim.org
Sending HTTP request.
HTTP request sent; waiting for response.
HTTP/1.1 200 OK

lynx: Can't access startfile http://www.alansondheim.org/machinen.mp4
You can.
m / 0 / f with transplant emanent f / 0 / m
too many solitary figures
fantasy of masturbation accessing the imaginary
transplant emanent with body fragments replaced 
transplant emanent = sex-maschine = inaccessible
sex-machine = nothing

Vishuddi Magga vi:

And then, when any such bits of it as head hairs, body hairs, nails, 
teeth, spittle, snot, excrement or urine have dropped off the body, beings 
will not touch them; they are ashamed, humiliated, and disgusted. But as 
long as any one of these things remains in it, though it is just as 
repulsive, they take it as agreeable, desirable, permanent, pleasant, 
self, because they are wrapped in the murk of ignorance and dyed with 
affection and greed for self. (trans. Bhikkhu Nanamoli)

A proof of this is the fact that when any part of the body becomes 
detached, as, for instance, the hair of the head, hair of the body, nails, 
teeth, phlegm, snot, faeces, or urine, people are unwilling so much as to 
touch it, and are distressed at, and ashamed of, and loathe it. But in 
respect of what remains, though that is likewise repulsive, yet men are so 
wrapped in blindness and infatuated by a passionate fondness for their own 
selves, that they believe it to be something desirable, lovely, lasting, 
pleasant, and an Ego. (trans. Henry Clarke Warren)


