

l'hommage


Homage to Talan Memmott's summary presentation at the recent NSF Codework 
Workshop with a light-hearted romp of somewhat silly maneuvers - not his 
presentation a light-hearted romp, but the homage to the presentation 
which was as well summary of the workshop and brilliant performance. I had 
to do this, keep working, keep my hand in up to the elbows shouldering the 
pain in the neck bringing code to its knees. What silliness. Now I have to 
do something else. Now I must do something else. Now I need to do it. Now 
I want to do it.

I want to do something else. I am tired of the human body. Mine like yours 
is dying. I didn't ask for it to be here. I didn't ask for I, I didn't ask 
for anything. If my body were online it would be airless, you could make 
it float, you could look inside me, I could fly, you could tell me when 
and where to fly, you could make me speak, you could make me say anything 
you want, you could make me naked, you could make me sex anything you want 
or crawl anything you want, you could make me jump.

You could dress me in a nice suit of clothes, you could make me Valeska 
G., you could make me whore-stumble, clown-dance, traffic-cope, you could 
make me disappear, every time you come back, I am resurrect. You could 
make me you, you could give me life, spirit, texture, coordinate, home, 
supplement, hair, eye, breast, waist, foot, arm, head, lip. 

Could you threaten me, you could not threaten me, you could disappear, I 
could disappear, I could change, run, walk, fly, you could do nothing, I 
could do everything, you could make me dirty dirty, you could not make me 
dirty, you could not make anything dirty dirty, not me, I'm tired of this, 
I'm in nice darkspace, bad darkspace, anyspace, anysign, I'm not tired of 
anything, defuge is a sickness, you are defuge, nauseous, dismal, dank, 
sewage. 

O look at me move, look at you move, look at moves, look at nothing, look 
at sheave-skin, look at hole, look corrode, look decay, Oh look! All falls 
apart, nothing coordinates, has coordinates, axis, scale, affinage, twis- 
tage, unlinkage, mucilage, walkage, moveage, loginage. Oh look I am so me 
so very naughty! Oh look I'm naked!

http://www.alansondheim.org/tal/homage.mp4

weevily abhorrent yucky airsick anguished airsick anxious abhorrent 
anxious anxious airsick barfy anxious anxious bored anxious barfy brackish 
bad brackish brackish barfy cheerless brackish bored cloying brackish 
carsick cloying brackish cloying depressed carsick disgusted cloying 
cloying disgusting cloying disgusted emetic depressed emetic emetic 
disgusted foul emetic emetic fulsome emetic foul grim fetid grim grim foul 
icky grim fulsome joyless grim high joyless grim joyless loathsome high 
maggoty joyless joyless mawkish joyless maggoty nasty loathsome nasty 
nasty maggoty nauseated nasty nasty nauseating nasty nauseated noisome 
nauseant noisome noisome nauseated offensive noisome nauseating overripe 
noisome noxious pleasureless noisome overripe pleasureless noxious 
poisonous pleasureless overripe prey pleasureless poisonous to 
pleasureless to to poisonous pukish to prey puky to malaise qualmish 
malaise qualmish qualmish pukish qualmy qualmish puky rancid qualmish 
qualmy rank qualmish rancid rank qualmy rebarbative rank rancid repelled 
rank rebarbative repellent rank repellent repellent rebarbative repulsive 
repellent repelled revolted repellent repugnant revolting repugnant 
revolted revolting repulsive rotten revolting revolted seasick revolting 
rotten sickened revolting seasick sickened rotten sickening sickened 
seasick spoiled sickened sickening squeamish sickened squeamish stinking 
sickening suffering stinking spoiled angst squeamish stinking uneasy 
stinking angst uneasy suffering unfulfilled uneasy angst unhappy uneasy 
unfulfilled unpleasant uneasy unhappy unpleasant unfulfilled unquiet 
unpleasant unhappy unsatisfied unpleasant unquiet vile unpleasant vile 
vomity unquiet weevily vomity unsatisfied yucky vomity vomity vomity yucky 
weevily yucky



out what's there out there out what's what's what's what's out there 
what's what's what's what's there out out out out there what's out what's 
out out there out out out there there what's out out out out what's there 
there there there what's out there there there there out what's what's 
what's what's out there what's there what's what's out what's what's 
what's out out there what's what's what's what's there out out out out 
there what's out out out out what's there there there there what's out 
there out there there what's what's there there what's what's out what's 
there there what's out what's what's what's what's out there what's there 
what's what's out out out out out there there out what's out out there 
there out out there there what's there out out there what's there there 
there there what's out there out there there what's what's what's there 
what's out out what's there what's what's out out what's what's out out 
there out what's what's out there out out out there there what's there 
what's out out there there there out there what's what's there out there 
there what's what's there there what's what's out what's there there 
what's out what's what's what's out out there out there what's out out out 
out what's out there there out what's out out there there out out there 
there what's there out out there there there there there what's what's out 
what's out there what's what's what's what's there what's out out what's 
there what's what's out out what's what's out out there out there what's 
out out out out what's there there there there what's out there there 
there there out what's what's what's what's out there there what's what's 
what's there what's what's out what's out there what's what's what's 
what's there out out out out there what's out out out out what's there 
there there there what's out there out there there out there there what's 
there what's out there there there there out what's what's what's what's 
out there what's what's what's what's there out out out out there what's 
out what's out out there out out there out there what's out out out out 
what's there there there there what's out there there there there out 
what's what's what's what's out there what's there what's what's out 
what's what's what's out out there what's what's what's what's there out 
out out out there what's out out out out what's there there there there 
what's out there out there there what's there there there what's what's 
out what's there there what's out what's what's what's what's out there 
what's what's what's what's there out out out out there there out what's 
out out there there out out there there what's there out out there what's 
there there there there what's out there out there there what's what's 
what's what's what's out out what's there what's what's out out what's 
what's out out there out what's what's out there out out out there there 
what's out what's out out there there there out there what's what's there 
out there there what's what's there there what's what's out what's there 
there what's out what's what's what's out out there out there what's 
what's out out out what's out there there out what's out out there there 
out out there there what's there out out there there there there there 
what's out

what's 
out 
there

what's there
out what's
there
out





here is the field of mice

and here is the field of tall hickory

here is the pleasant murmuring stream

and here are the wages of death

yea, though i say death i see death

though i see death i shall not see death

death is a woman stalking me

in a dark robe invisible sickle
death is a woman stalking me

here is the field of barley

and here is the meadow of forest voles

here i shall not sleep again tonight

and here i shall foment useless cries and war

war with dark sickle and invisible robe
war is a man with chemical burns

here with death i shall lie in the field of voles
here with war i shall die in the hickory forest

here is a field of barley and corn

and here is a field of cedar forest


http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain.jpg




Phenomenology of mannequin-avatar construction


From mannequin avatar discovered in the back of the immersive 3d desk room 
through scanning programs, as in second life, so in first, as in the bar- 
rier or injunction against the milk of the mother in this dry and airless 
realm, once entering the computer for resonant transform back through fil- 
tering into perception and thereby repressed spread across yet more and 
other injunctions of the other - from skin through plaster-plasticine, 
from ligament through metal pinning, skein thrusts forth across impotent 
transformations yet a boy can dream can't he. 

These are stillborn, static formations of .obj files, in other words ob- 
jects, for insertion into true world video/performance. In other words, an 
epistemo-ontological rebus, perhaps condensation/displacement of previous 
work, displaced into/outto mannequin towards maquette, maquette towards 
model towards inscription lifted from the magic writing slate. 

Enter the sleazy, tawdry - enter defuge as annihilated punctum; doesn't 
the same thing happen to every boy and girl in second life? All those 
exaggerated breasts, penises, lips, toppling airless bodies with physics 
configured in a distant memory of a newborn and innocent physical world, 
taking us taking it for granted. What's revealed beneath the surface is 
the phal-lick; what's revealed beneath the phal-lick is the surface 
emptied of content, inscribed, exhausted. There's nothing there there. 
Either the surface is closed/clothed or it's emptied, sheave-skin, already
torn, fallen apart, sleazy (as if the night revealed real members of 
itself, real w/wholes).

The mannequin cracks. Topologically, an organism is a coherent (linked) 
multiply-pierced torus defined everywhere; topologically, a mannequin is 
an un-linkable fissured structure which may or may not be hollow - i.e. a 
set of manifold sections and spheres. Neither has well-defined nodes; the 
body has no well-defined parent-child relationships; the manifold has 
well-defined parts and linking mechanisms. Tissues, organs, organelles, 
etc. of the body are often porous, self-defining, resilient, multiply- 
connected through nerves, ligaments, musculature, blood and other vessels, 
transport mechanisms of all sorts, repair and defense mechanisms, etc. 
These mechanisms are not mechanical; they depend on a local electro-chemi- 
cal environment; they are processes requiring constant maintenance. The 
mannequin is passive, a well-defined collection of well-defined states. 

Oh what's the difference, I'm here, they're there, or vice versa, all 
these false identification existing only as long as the brain functions, 
mind 'works,' however defined, and this isn't well-.

Video materials, once one has a shield, everything falls into place. But 
how can one use a shield against the immense vitality of the Universe! 
Space and time beyond all comprehension! Unfathomable measurement! We're 
just here for a second of eternity! No wait, a nanosecond of eternity! 
Wait, we're just a page between life and death! A spot on the sunglasses 
of God! A furrow of the imaginary! No wait!

The thing about Valeska Gert, obdurate substance, there's flicking of the 
symbolic, nothing concrete, she's too smart, too fluid, for that. She's 
either an impersonator (mind you, of the highest order) or a philosopher! 
That's my role of thinking. Deities flicker on the lip-nub of death. 

The worldling praxis of aim having been formed in the heart, he the Tatha- 
gata, creating a conventional body, practices desires exactly as he cares. 
(from 40 verses in Yoga of the Guhyasamajatantra, translated Waxman)

If philosophy is to remain true to the law of its own form, as the repre- 
sentation of truth and not as a guide to the acquisition of knowledge, 
then the exercise of this form - rather than its anticipation in the 
system - must be accorded due importance. (Walter Benjamin, The origin of 
German Tragic Drama)

http://www.alansondheim.org/sadness.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ valeskagert materials

For Valeska Gert:

http://www.anstendig.com/Valeska%20Gert/gert_page.html
http://www.jstor.org/pss/1478054 





Fields 


Sensors arranged in a random pattern on the floor. A heavy magnet is 
passed over them; there is no other movement. In these (6 condensed) 
experiments the result is the usual vibrating. The movements could be 
decoded to some extent, indicating the relative positions of the magnet 
and sensors. Eventually the sensors will be placed in the standard body 
pattern, held in position with a card or foam surface, and the magnet 
again moved over the configuration. The result this time should be a 
mapping of the field as it intersects the body pattern, a mapping both 
useful as a tool for field visualization, and for modeling a 'force' 
moving upon a human being, for example wind or water, but with a source 
re/coding/filtering the body, held of course supine

under the greatest anguish or ecstatic exaltation

Anything might be represented in this manner. The world's parameters 
devolve upon or within the body; the body bends for data, bends for 
anything.

The body, the body, the body, the body, the body.

The filtering is double-filtering, standard, or tangent substitution in 
the last section of the video. The last section in particular presents a 
repetitive sweeping of the body

http://www.alansondheim.org/magfield.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/resonant.mp3 a nice piece of unusual music




forest might be a good title


Waltz
Waltz on
on bridge
bridge -
pointing into
into the
the
forest
forest
movements -

Off-kilter 
'nature'

Images

You're in
pregnant, your
your womb,
baby the
is rest
dancing of
in you
womb, You're
the rest 
your
baby
you are
still

an is
avatar dancing
womb

You're
Terrified, Terrified,
implore implore
the heavens heavens
help help help
help help







Natural Beginnings


"Tirelessly the process of thinking makes new beginnings, returning in a 
roundabout way to its original object. This continual pausing for breath 
is the mode most proper to the process of contemplation." 
(Walter Benjamin, The Origin of German Tragic Drama)

Four videos from Cathedral State Park (virgin hemlock forest) session:
Warpface (based on magnetic field modification of mocap sensors)
Duet1 and Duet2 (based on Arbiter, Opal Whitely, avatar bodies)
Orangestream2 (mining site recovery area off Route 26, poisoned creek)
Kira Sedlock, Azure Carter, Alan Sondheim

http://www.alansondheim.org/warpface.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/duet1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/duet2.mp4 (second version)
http://www.alansondheim.org/orangestream2.mp4




of these recent films

language begins with gesture, as Tran duc Thao would have it
gesture transforms into energy at a distance
scars carry the history of the body into the symbolic
power of gesture transformed by resonant body
time of private transactions
gesture carries language away from material worlds
scars disappear when bodies sink into the ikonic
publics blindly watch movements when none exist
language ends with gesture's blind wall away from material worlds
worlds are natural worlds and disappearing foams
symbolic is only a memory
symbolic is only a memory now and then
all bodies are resonant, extruded, and presencing
all bodies are bodies now and then

http://www.alansondheim.org/algae.mp4 algae / periphyton
http://www.alansondheim.org/warp2.mp4 / Kira Sedlock / Azure Carter



Let's begin.

Let's begin with the idea of reassemblage, structure of new identity, new 
equalization between A and A; let us use the sign ~ for identity, i.e. A~A 
reading as A is identical to A. Let's think of this in the true world, as 
dynamic process, something Whitehead pointed out years ago; in this case, 
A~A is temporally dependent; what act _identitizes,_ constructs the 
perception of the object on both sides of the sign? In reassemblage, this 
video for example, _humans_ are still, stillborn; immobile, they refuse 
appearance on both sides of ~; they're unary, full of digital equivalence 
but nothing else.

In reassemblage, this video for example, the subject, that is the viewer, 
is produced in the midst of a mirrored hall which deconstructs as it 
reveals; what move, what apparently move, are bodies filtered and re- 
filtered, beginning with the bvh (biovision hierarchy) files of a dynamic 
lacrosse player; the dynamism of such a player is embodied in the static 
file which produces, at the other end of the transmission, a simulacrum of 
dynamism.

Let us attach this movement to two bodies and two movements, and let the 
bodies reconstruct from other memories, of two dancers embodied as one 
with a third biovision file; let these memories produce stills modified by 
suturing software constructing final objects attached to and replacing 
anatomical parts of mannequins which are the first two bodies. So there 
are four or six bodies: two separate bodies of the dynamism of a lacrosse 
player, each with attachments constructed from numerous bodies temporally 
sliced but configured from the choreography of two dancers.

Let us begin then with reassemblage, a placement as if upon the originary 
scene of two dancers, in fact two other dancers, who appear as if lifelike 
in background; upon this, let us assemble the deconstruction of the appar- 
atus described in the previous paragraph, an assemblage that demands 
reassemblage on the part of the subject-viewer. One might think of this as 
an analogic/analog background of inert substance, as if there were no 
editing in the digital image-photograph, no punctum - both of which appear 
clearly upon close viewing. And against this analogic/analog background, 
think of the assemblage-in-need-of-reassemblage as imaginaries of dance 
and lacrosse, dance surmounted onto lacrosse, captured or seized by 
lacrosse. These imaginaries are productions solely of the discrete or 
digital (here used somewhat synonymously); they might-as-well-have-been 
assembled in another way, or an augmented or diminished or otherwise 
filtered way, or a foreign way altogether, not at all related, just as the 
discrete towards a jump cut promises or is premised upon the potential for 
anything appearing on the other side of the river, most likely not the 
river but an element taken from elsewhere, an otherwise element, foreign 
and unaccounted-for element, an uncounted element in fact. So this 
discrete appears to produce within the viewing, the need for reassemblage, 
the lowering of anomaly, something to make sense of it all. And it's 
clearly produced with a configuration or armature pre-determined; there's 
something of human bodies there, something of embeddings and prosthetics. 
Who does this predetermining, what are the compressions, the protocols, 
the exemplary decisions as to the parameters required in the construct of 
a maquette-mannequin?

Here, in other words, is the history of the fecund universe parlaying 
among subjects and objects, melding and obfuscating divisions until, like 
the sleazy or tawdry processes they might as well be, everything becomes 
simultaneously messay and true world and here, in other anysigns, or none 
at all, they are.

http://www.alansondheim.org/myforestdream.mp4


reassemblage


5c5
< Let's begin with the idea of reassemblage, structure of new identity
---
> Let's begin with the idea of reassemblage, structure of new idenity,
8c8
< dynamic process, something Whitehead pointed out years ago; in this 
---
> dynamic process, something Whithead pointed out years ago; in this c
35c35
< atus described in the previous paragraph, an assemblage that demands
---
> atus described in the previous paragraph, an asseemblage that demand
41c41
< and lacrosse, dance surmounted onto lacrosse, captured or seized by 
---
> and lacrosse, dance surmounted onto lacross, captured or seized by 
44c44
< assembled in another way, or an augmented or diminished or otherwise
---
> assembled in another way, or an augmented or dimished or otherwised 



Two works with Lacanian basics, online work notice, gig announcement


http://www.alansondheim.org/manimal.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/mold.mp4


Please note I will send out only once a week; at this point I don't think 
anyone's looking or reading these texts/media files; at once a week maybe 
someone will look at something. And if not it wastes a lot less of your 
time on delete. You can always check www.alansondheim.org for updates. I 
recognize I'm writing to myself here. Come to the gig below. - Alan, bad 
health. For God's sakes help support Tom Clark if you can.


Gig announcement:


Fire Museum Records presents:

The Fire Museum Records/Majmua Music Label Showcase!

Balcony @ The Trocadero
1003 Arch Street, Philadelphia
Monday, April 21st 10PM
Free


Featuring:

Alan Sondheim

Dora Bleu

George Korein

Eric Carbonara

Aditi Tahiti



Fire Museum Records proudly presents the Fire Museum Records/Majmua
Music label showcase. The evening begins with two artists whom have
releases slated for release on Majmua Music. First up, vocalist &
harmonium player Aditi Tahiti (joined this evening by Nasrudra on
saxophone) sets the scene, performing music influenced by her
upcoming release The Time Canvas (to be released later this year) and
more. Recently relocated to New York, this will be Aditi's first
performance in Philadelphia.

Up next, Philadelphia's own Eric Carbonara has been winning rave
reviews for his solo acoustic guitar music as heard on Exodus
Bulldornadius (Locust Music). Carbonara's playing draws on the rich
musical styles from Andalusian Roma-Flamenco to Hindustani & North
African folk to form a kind of exalted pidgin style of playing that
covers a wide emotional terrain from meditative calm to restless
unease. Eric is also a member of the Psychedelic rock group Soft
People; his release on Majmua Music is slated for later this year.

George Korein has developed a reputation in the Philadelphia musical
underground for being a true musical iconoclast. A frequent
collaborator with Charles Cohen, Alex Nagle, Jesse Krakow and many
others, George also produced and provided electronics on Helena
Espvall's (of Espers) solo cd Nimis & Arx. Moving from no-wave moods
to textured noise works to improvisation and catchy pop moments
(sometimes in the course of the same song), we can't guarantee that
George's set will resemble at all the sounds to be found on Another
Corpse, which is the debut release on Majmua Music.

Hailing from Montreal, Dora Bleu is the latest group led by Dorothy
Geller, previously of From Quagmire (VHF Records) and Laconic Chamber
(Camera Obscura). Her music can be considered "of folk" while not
referencing traditional folk forms, anchored by a very explicative
voice and guitar playing with an accompaniment that is alternatively
unified song form or seemingly improvised depending on what is
required in the moment. For this tour Dorothy is working with some of
the brightest lights in the Montreal experimental music scene: Sam
Shalabi (Shalabi Effect, etc) on electric guitar, Alex St. Onge (Et
Sans, etc) on upright bass, and Gordon Allen on trumpet. The (Axa
Hour of) Dora Bleu release Clones of Eros is available on Fire Museum
Records.

Alan Sondheim is perhaps best known in musical circles for his pair
of recordings on the legendary ESP Disk label, but his first
recording, The Songs was released on Riverboat Records in 1967 (and
has been reissued on Fire Museum Records). The multi instrumentalist
returned with his first proper release of new recordings in almost 20
years with the release of Skin/n in 2006 on Fire Museum Records. This
recording of solo guitar and alpine zither pieces was highly
acclaimed, earning the following accolade from The Wire Magazine:
"(T)he music evokes an ethnographic hybrid of countless string
instrument traditions, from koto to bluegrass, vigorously wiping past
idiomatic technique as it does so. As a rough equivalent, you'd do
equally well to imagine either David Fair or Derek Bailey punking out
in imitation of Robbie Basho. The results are so compellingly
idiosyncratic that any number of newly bearded Americans and brazen
improv festival tryhards pale as extremely corny in compa
 rison." Appearing in Philadelphia for the first time, this year will
also see the release of "Boojum", a recording of experimental lounge
music.




From the Secret Cluster


I that in Heill was and gladness
Am trublit now with great sickness
And feblit with infirmitie:--
 _Timor Mortis conturbat me._

(William Dunbar)

There are files below. I have outworn my welcome. If you have limited 
time, read the texts, look at any 3-4 of the still images, check the 
video. The sound is quite beautiful, but it is unnecessary. In general I 
put up the most recent text file, in this case pq.txt as it develops; the 
newer material is at the bottom, unlike a blog. But it is all here.

From the Secret Cluster

Legacy as these machines transmit in less than a second more than I can 
write in a lifetime.

http://www.alansondheim.org/cluster1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/cluster2.mp3

Everything and nothing is there; code transmutes through sound and an 
analogic process of integration within which the constant C ensures that 
nothing is interpretable.

Legacy as my code disappears through miasma.
Legacy through corruption of code.

The sounds turn out to be modem-based; there are new recordings directly 
opposite the cluster room, against the locked doors and various security 
barriers.

Science 29 February 2008, 1209, Seth Lloyd, Quantum Information Matters:
"One bit corresponds to an amount of entropy equal to kH times the loga- 
rithm of 2. Planck's paper established that th euniverse was, at bottom, 
digital." Then abjection = abjection at the limit of the digital; analog 
is that uneasiness of substance riding on the digital, denying it within 
the imaginary / uncanny. Or rather the analog is that smearing of wave 
phenomena corroding the digital. Or... The article is fundamental; check 
it out. "The fact that simulating the entire universe requires a quantum 
computer as big as the universe should not stand in our way!"

http://www.alansondheim.org/cluster3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/cluster4hissreduct.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/cluster5.mp3

These are true tones of the cluster, recording done in single conversion 
sw/vhf/uhf analog receiver.

http://www.alansondheim.org/virtual3d1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/virtual3d2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/virtual3d3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/virtual3d4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/virtual3d5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/virtual3d6.jpg

Azure Carter and Alan Sondheim literally inside the Immersadesk virtual 3d 
projection machine. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/kirawaltz.mp4

Kira Sedlock, Cathedral State Forest, Alan Sondheim badly played on rare 
piccolo recorder. A waltz gone awry among Illumination. 

Since for the Death remeid is none, 
Best is that we for Death dispone,
After our death that live may we:--
 _Timor Mortis conturbat me._

(William Dunbar)




(world history)
blazed and glazed
brazed and grazed
lazed and razed


gestures of symbolic liberty
http://www.alansondheim.org/liberty1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/liberty2.jpg

stabilization of fissure in bell-metal substance (see below)

broken dreams of avatar reconstructions
http://www.alansondheim.org/unposerimage1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/unposerimage2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/unposerimage3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/unposerimage4.jpg

sportplay motion and nervous studies
http://www.alansondheim.org/ play gif series

video text for ny reading i'm not attending (eye and foot problems)
http://www.alansondheim.org/carol.mp4

Of bodies chang'd to other shapes I sing.
Assist, you Gods (from you these changes spring)
And, from the Worlds first fabrick to these times,
Deduce my never-discontinued Rymes.
(from Ovid's Metamorphosis Englished, Mythologized and Represented
in Figures, George Sandys, 1632)

The hierarchical organization of sheave-skin contrasts with emergent 
confluence of aggregates; organisms respond across organisms, skin; 
sheave-skin responds within the aegis of purified control. There's no 
place for the soul within the latter, placement but no confluence in the 
former. The digital tends towards clarification, differentiation, of the 
analog smear; the analog tends towards confluent intentionality. The 
abject inheres in the digital; abjection drives the flower and green fuse. 
It's a jumble because it coheres as jumble; what jumble does is splits, 
fissures, falls, tilts, kilters. What jumble does is decision, none at all 
as if there were nothing there, emptied of decision making: decisioning, 
nothing made.

It's necessary to be clear about the unclear, only to the extent of the 
evanescence of the mist.

Read Francisco J. Varela, Ethical Know-How, Action, Wisom, and Cognition - 
think of mobile assemblages


in the grips of the true world


from one scale to another, from human to true world, from mind to emanent. 
entities are present within the true world filtered through the history of 
ties, around emanents and 'true worlds,' around edge phenomena 

distorted worlding, 'bringing one out of the true world' (etc.) what con- 
stitutes the true world? worlding? 'true world' in which lines/angles are 
'trued' (affine geometry), 'true world' in the sense of 'trued' phen omen- 
ologies within which reflects real unclarity, the house of the world, 
transforming the world and the true world into praxis and real difference. 
and there's truth to this. least, when the true world is considered, em- 
anent and organism are intermingled, interpenetrated, within them, they 
are true-world true world?

carnated/carnal/knowledge - we could begin by introducing the true world, 
primordial, in other words backgrounding. in this sense, the true world is 
materialist; how the limits of my body within the true world are the 
limits of my world; thought and the true world are based on extrapolation 
- the gestural - from conglomerations, inherings, coherings among discrete 
and analog, abject.

 how are these constituted within the true world (another metaphor?)?  
language is clothed, associated with the true world. nevertheless both 
inhabit the true world, mind inhabits both, albeit often virtual within, 
inhering to the true world. striated, variegated, constructed, both 
thinging and orgasm, wryting into the body of the true world, wryting 
everywhere.

 what constitutes the true world? worlding?

 'true world' in which lines/angles are 'trued' (affine geometry),

 'true world' in the sense of 'trued' phenomenologies within which all 
worlds are not true worlds, all true worlds are worlding. ikonic signs 
inhere within the true world, reading bodies (organisms, emanents, approp- 
riated, misappropriated) are ikonic. true world - the body standing land- 
scapes of decoding, tendencies and tending of the true world sending 
thick-skins, true world of inhering/cohering skins. it is not communality 
(nothing is accountable). the 'worldview' stemming from the true world is 
symbol, index, chora, self, selving, others, worlds, worlding, world, just 
as anything in the true world replaces anysign - the poetics of the true 
world, all this skittering, dark matter. messy, inhering, worlding within. 
we can't stop now, bodies in space surrounded by symbolic fields, field- 
ing, motilities, evanescences, emptiness. we have the true world just 
beyond the space of the proscenium, meaning. but then, the shell ... yes, 
what we call ghosts are only these slid the real, the real is a shadow of 
the virtual, and within the true world messay, future genres which seeping 
into one another, true world of emanents and anysign where we're living, 
breathing, writing and strange, out there, within, structure paralleling 
our own. true world is the mattering/nattering to and among us, and we 
have to mess airless realm, the unintended or intentionless realm, in the 
true world realm, insertion in other words, an reading as a is identical 
to a. let's think of this in the true world, as simultaneously messay and 
true world and here, in other anysigns, or none, nothing, no sign at all, 
or, inclusive, signlessness.





The true world


"true," "world" without capitalization, small, backgrounding. "true world" 
without - connectivity, a tiny, almost insignificant phrase, completion 
phase emptying itself out. 

the true world is skeining, inscribing, quantum, cohering, inhering; the 
true world is image imaginary; the true world is aggregative, confluence; 
the true world is emptiness unemptied; the true world is emanent, real
virtual, virtual real; the true world is unreading, is scribbling, is 
inscribing under erasure; the true world is the immensity of the true 
world; the true world is deferring; the true world is always, is always 
already; the true world is catastrophe theory catastrophic; the true world 
is analog abject, fissured, indiscrete, analog intrusions, discrete extru- 
sions; the true world is imaginary carapace; the true world is neither 
this nor that, not both this and that; the true world is unaccountable, 
unaccounted-for, of no account; the true world the true world the true 
world.




imaginary world


imaginary world inhabits true world. true world is neither true nor false 
(nor much of anything). think:

competing neural regimes < self/I > < discrete representations > data- 
substance

or beginning with neural flux (within which the discrete emerges): neural 
regimes collapse (think of catastrophe theory short-cuts) 

what is the I but linguistic shifter/generator (therefore one might say 
_the_ linguistic shifter): here's your coagulation, assignment, direct 
address (think of direct address as proper name or natural kind). what 
emerges from the buzz of the world: discrete representations, _as if_ 
coagulations from the O/other side. what is absent: the buzz, neural 
networking/phase transitions (quantum on up) producing information vis- 
a-vis the _subject_ (I as subject, subjected-to). 

collapse is to the discrete, intensification, as if essence were culled. 
the buzz tends always on the far or lower side towards decay, corrosion, 
defuge, subject, subjected-to abjection. on the upper side, discretion, 
competition, processes surfacing when necessary, pulled from or by the 
buzz - buzz equivalent to the superstructure of the world. 

the true world appears with the removal of the lens from the eye and the 
subsequent temporal split, redefined as inscription. or not. 

consider the  < self/I > < discrete representations > as the _waist_ of
the buzz - any narrower and the system (channel, spew, flux) collapses.
think of < self/I/discrete representations > as _body._ then perhaps
neural regimes < body > data-substance. it is not too far an extension:

< < neural regimes / body > < body / data-substance > >; since this is
metaphor, not mathesis, it bifurcates into two models:

a. < neural regimes / body / data-substance > (within which body includes
an imaginary> and

b. < neural regimes / data-substance > (mixed epistemologies/ontologies of 
true world inscriptive processes, demateriality, emphasis on gestural 
logics, emptiness).

thus materiality is the available technology of true world. materiality 
occurs within the waist: this is the 'level' or holon of every-day life.

[ 'true world' is misnomer: it implies duality, rectitude, the purity of 
'the fragility of good things,' ration, logic, ratio. misnomer: it implies 
world, totality, absolute, one, monad, null, emptiness, range, closed 
manifold, language, planet. misnomer: 'it' referencing the discontinuity 
of the phrase, seepage, placement, shifter, particle, production. 'true 
world' is placeholder under erasure, sentence-space. 'true world' is 
neither true nor world, full or empty, fecundity or emptiness, creation or 
annihilation, creativity or death, negation. 'true world' is neither 
neitherness nor neither-both-a-and-b, i.e. sheffer-stroke and its dual. 
'true world' however does not inhabit or draw forth negation. what a 
mixture of writing and substance, virtual space and time, abject plasma, 
inconceivable corrosion, loss of bodies, inscribed and uninscribed 
slaughters turned around, inverted, con-figuration, cul-location. 'true 
world' is the flattened world, defuge, what happens after after hours 
happens all the time. ]

( 'true world': find another phrase. )



http://www.alansondheim.org/snaps for new images of interest





finalgame of divas


The poetics of community in relation to temporal sequences and emanent 
representations / inhabitations. (two 'breakthrough' videos in a series.)

"We must therefore recognize that what is designated by the terms 
'glance,' 'hand,' and in general 'body' is a system of systems devoted to 
the inspection of a world and capable of leaping over distances, piercing 
the perceptual future, and outlining hollows and reliefs, distances and 
deviations--a meaning--in the inconceivable flatness of being. The move- 
ment of the artist tracing his arabesque in infinite matter amplifies, but 
also prolongs, the simple marvel of oriented motion or grasping movements. 
Already in its pointing gestures the body not only flows over into a world 
whose schema it bears in itself but possesses the world at a distance 
rather than being possessed by it." (Merleau Ponty, Signs)

What is the form of finalgame? It may be proffered as a Poser 7 file for 
download, manipulation; it may consist of a series of images your or I 
might produce with Poser 7; it may be an exemplary video such as 
finalgame.mp4 or less compressed, finalgame.avi; in any case it is a 
dynamic object, four-dimensional, used either for further manipulation on 
the part of the viewer/subject, or for re-presentation in any number of 
media, after such manipulation. Codework and dynamics interpenetrate.

Now in finalgame, three doubled motion capture files (each produced by two 
humans simultaneously inhabiting varied elements of a single body) are 
combined to provide emanent momentum; the emanent itself is composed of 
three temporal sequences transformed into dynamic objects: 1. Single 
images of a lacrosse player in 'typical' game poses; 2. Multiple 'snaps' 
of a lacrosse player in a set of poses, combined into a single dynamic 
object; and 3. A single 'snap' taken over six minutes of a woman walking 
back and forth in front of the scanner. The first corresponds to a 
traditional painting or photograph; the second to animation deconstructed; 
and the third to both radar and other scans of dynamic behavior, and the 
deconstructed psychology of internal time consciousness. These dynamic 
objects are carapaces replacing the 'human' avatar elements of the emanent 
who now wears time.

In divas, three to four motion capture files are simultaneously graphed 
and played on a single grid; each of the files again is produced by two 
humans simultaneously. The style is that of the DIVA viewer; the motions 
construct communal interaction as doubly-inhabited bodies are situated 
within the playing field.

In both videos there are varying interrelationships among single actants, 
multiple actants, multiple sequences, and dual 'inhabitations' of a single 
behavioral matrix.

http://www.alansondheim.org/finalgame.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/divas1.mp4



death and time's death

one temporality juggles and jumbles another, but when is this occurrence; 
to the extent that temporality, time, is a representation, it's bound by 
ordinary linear sequencing in much the same way that deontic or fuzzy 
logics are bound by binary logic; a fuzzy formula might hold some of the 
time for example but then this might holding would be suspect to true or 
false, would it not? just so everything devolves around the dyadic of 
representations of discrete phenomena. one cannot escape death, even in a 
digital realm where time clashes against time, time and again: first, the 
sequence is technology-dependent for implementation; second, it cannot 
retard the hastening of death for the subject - creator or viewer; third 
it always flies to an end as the machine is cut off or the sequence is 
relatively short and unlooped. what's constructed is a myth, the myth, as 
in Michael Snow, of the continuously walking woman - a myth which is 
remarkably fragile, unstable; even in sequence.mp4 she moves through a 
limited number of presentations, the scan happening to catch her at 
various moments across the field. she moves and continues to move, and, 
Muybridge-like, the assumption is that the spaces between frames or states 
is filled. in sequence.mp4, however, there is no filling, everything 
re/presents itself within the single frame, already the harbinger of death 
and movement's cessation.

small file of walking woman sequence agitated by magnetic field and 
rotated 360 degrees

http://www.alansondheim.org/sequenced.mp4




it's more than enough time.


RIGHT now I have a cataract in my left eye.
RIGHT now I have a vitreous detachment in my left eye.
RIGHT NOW I have gout in my left foot.
RIGHT NOW my left side is telling me something.
My left side says: I'M NOT FROM PHILADELPHIA.
My left side says: I CAME WITH YOU and I'M LEAVING WITH YOU.
I try to talk RIGHT, I try to talk RIGHT NOW.
I say: without you I AM UNSPEAKABLE.
I say: YOU ARE MY OBJECT AS I AM YOUR SUBJECT.
Right NOW: LEFT SIDE YOU ARE A BLUR TO ME.
Right NOW: streaks and floaters. 
I say: RIGHT NOW: STREAKS AND FLOATERS.
LEFT SIDE YOU ARE NOT ME YOU NEVER WILL BE ME.
LEFT SIDE I WILL LEAVE YOU BE-SIDE THE ROAD.
I WILL NOT SEE THE ROAD.
I WILL NEVER SEE THE ROAD.

And in WHAT DARK WINGS does RIGHT SIDE wait?
And in WHAT DARK TIMES will RIGHT SIDE SPEAK?
And WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN SPEAKING AND SAYING?
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE?


not from philadelphia:

http://www.alansondheim.org/philadelp11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/philadelp12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/philadelp15.jpg

(varieties of virtual experience)

BRAIN TWITCHES for a new CD:

http://www.alansondheim.org/newtobin1.mp3



eye


liquidity, independence, of the eye
the eye is uncanny blinded by its own site
it sees through itself, an avatar or emanent

"Mr. Johnson is a man of a most dreadful appearance. He is a very big man, 
is troubled with sore eyes, the palsy, and the king's evil. He is very 
slovenly in his dress and speaks with a most uncouth voice. Yet his great 
knowledge and strength of expression command vast respect and render him 
very excellent company." (Boswell, meeting Johnson.) The afterimage of the 
lines turns sallow, jaundiced, the page fades. The eye searches hopelessly 
for its interior. The true world is blind, blunt, blanked. Vision splays 
itself in the simulacrum of sight. No one will read this and soon I will 
not (i.e. no longer be able to). If not One, then an Other. Other is 
defined by impenetrable supplement, some might say, a Thing [Kristeva for 
example]. What the eye sees when it is visible, what the eye sees when it 
is no longer visible.

http://www.alansondheim.org/eye1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/eye2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/eye3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/eye4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/eye5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/eye6.jpg


==


Boojum (line notes for an upcoming limited edition cd)


Boojum was our cat, who died recently at 18, and is missed terribly.

Tracks 1-10 are recorded mono directly from a Yamaha keyboard output; they
were produced in order, as is. This is the 'pure' sounding of the machine;
there's no stereo enhancement or graphic equalization. I determine the state
of the machine, that's called playing it. The accompaniment is automated but
its figuration is not. The keyboard is touch-sensitive, but as you know,
touch on an acoustic keyboard translates not only into volume, but also
harmonic structures and envelope. Here touch is volume only. What comes
through is half-avatar, half-human. Note that all playing is live. Think of
the real.

Track 11 is recorded live on the same keyboard acoustically; you can hear
breathing, key and nail sounds, and so forth. The recording is stereo. Here
the machine gives way to the periphery of the human player One might place
this configuration in the symbolic.

The Cluster tracks are recorded from a very large Beowulf computer cluster
which generates considerable electromagnetic radiation in the radio
spectrum. These are recorded acoustically from a Realistic Patrolman SW-60
radio slowly tuned across various SW, VHF, and UHF bands. This is the sound
of the machine in air, transformed into audio signals within the range of
human hearing. Machine-states and machine exist in the imaginary. Emanents
exist within and without the machine.

Think of the true world in all its glory.

For Boojum.

= Alan Sondheim, sondheim@panix.com



Flesh of the world -- Flesh of the body -- Being
                                                             May, 1960

 _Flesh of the world,_ described (apropos of time, space, movement) as 
segregation, dimensionality, continuation, latency, encroachment -- -- 
Then interrogate once again these phenomena-questions: they refer us to 
the perceiving-perceived _Einfuhlung,_ for they mean that we are already 
_in_ the being thus described, that we _are of it,_ that between it and us 
there is _Einfuhlung_
 That means that my body is made of the same flesh as the world (it is a 
perceived), and moreover that this flesh of my body is shared by the 
world, the world _reflects_ it, encroaches upon it and it encroaches upon 
the world (the felt [_senti_] at the same time the culmination of subject- 
ivity and the culmination of materiality), they are in a relation of 
transgression or of overlapping -- -- This also means: my body is not only 
one perceived among others, it is the measurant (_measurant_) of all, 
_Nullpunkt_ of all the dimensions of the world.

[...]

 The _touching itself, seeing itself_ of the body is itself to be under- 
stood in terms of what we said of the seeing and the visible, the touching 
and the touchable.  Ie. it is not an act, it is a being at (etre a).

- Merleau-Ponty, The Visible and the Invisible, from the Working Notes


of there to here as not both here and here, neither here nor here -- -- 
"my body is made of the same flesh as the world" - incipient accumulative 
processes, no differing among real and virtual, prim and corporeality, 
tissue and organ -- emanent life, emanent living -- 

(clearly these speak to my recent work/theory, and thanks to Sandy Baldwin 
for sending me to the book)






Experiment solitary touching appetite of union in bodies.

 293. It is certain that in all bodies there is an appetite of union, and 
evitation of solution of continuity; and of this appetite there be many 
degrees; but the most remarkable, and fit to be distinguished, are three. 
The first in liquors; the second in hard bodies; and the third in bodies 
cleaving or tenacious. In liquors this appetite is weak; we see in liquors 
the threading of them in stillicides (as hath been said); the falling of 
them in round drops (which is the form of union); and the staying of them 
for a little time in bubbles and froth. In the second degree or kind, this 
appetite is strong; as in iron, in stone, in wood, &c. In the third, this 
appetite is in a medium between the other two: for such bodies do partly 
follow the touch of another body, and partly stick and continue to 
themselves; and therefore they rope, and draw themselves in threads; as we 
see in pitch, glass, birdlime, &c. But note, that all solid bodies are 
cleaving, more or less; and that they love better the touch of somewhat 
that is tangible, than of air. For water, in small quantity, cleaveth to 
any thing that is solid; and so would metal too, if the weight drew it not 
off. And therefore gold foliate, or any metal foliate, cleaveth: but those 
bodies which are noted to be clammy and cleaving, are such as have a more 
indifferent appetite (at once) to follow another body, and to hold to 
themselves. And therefore they are commonly bodies ill mixed: and which 
take more pleasure in a foreign body, than in preserving their own 
consistence; and which have little predominance in drought or moisture.

(from Francis Bacon, Sylva Sylvarum: or A Natural History, 1627)

( think of electrick fluid, magnetism, electrostaticks; think of mud or 
other problematic 'objects' in Plato; of abjection; of Kristeva's Powers 
of Horror; of Being and Nothingness (last sections); of the analogick; of 
substance and its uncanniness; of the discrete and its imaginary. this has 
always been with us, think of Visuddhimagga, highest tantra, think of 
purification rites, scapegoats, abjections, dis/ease, dis/comfort, think 
of anything unthought ... )




my codework world

1 Codework Software Tools for I.T. Professionals. Including Altiris ... 
Development Tools for C++,Java, offices in UK, Canada, Europe, North 
America. 2 Browse Control - Enable and disable student internet Usage 
surfing Codework Logo. Home, Company, Products Services Alliances Contact 
Us About Us News & Events Careers Download Trial 3 Codework: Exploring 
relations between creative writing sponsored by the National Science 
Foundation. Held at West Virginia University, April 3-6, 2008. Organized 
by the Center for Literary Computing. 4 Mark Amerika's CODEWORK: DJ/VJ + 
Narrative + DVD + centers around two figures, an artificial intelligence 
known as the "Digital Thoughtographer," and a disembodied woman whose 
scripted voice-over ... 5 Internet Monitoring and Internet Access Control 
for Employees and ... Internet Access and Block Unauthorised Applications, 
Codework Logo. BrowseControl 6 Codework Orange anything starting from 
small personal web sites to large intra/extra net solutions. 7 Codework - 
Wikipedia, the free mixing of writing with the code of various computer 
languages. It was originally created and given its name by Alan Sondheim 
[1]. ... for Windows. Typical applications include sales analysis, 
marketing, and reporting, as well as budget and consolidation. 9 Codework 
Resellers variety of Software tools located in Asia, UK, USA. 10 11 Browse 
Reporter - monitor and report on Internet usage of ... Download, Pricing 
and Ordering, Support. About Us Contact Us Resellers 12 Interferences: 
[Net.Writing] and the Practice of Codework Codework refers to the use of 
the contemporary idiolect of the computer computing processes in digital 
media experimental writing, or [net.writing]. 13 Java Test Coverage 
Analyzer Purchasing | Support | Outsourced Development | Career 
Opportunities | Consultancy & Training | Awards | Site Map Codework. 14 
Source Code Documentation for VB (Visual Basic), Optimize Contact Us | 
Purchasing | Support | Outsourced Development | Career Opportunities | 
Consultancy & Training | Awards | Site Map Codework. 15 AccessPatrol - 
Secure Devices (USB,CD,Floppy) and Manage Products, Download, Pricing and 
Ordering, Support or schedule a boot of the PCs at the beginning of a work 
day. Codework. 16 Effective Internet Filtering Tool - A Prefect Solution 
For BrowseControl | BrowseReporter | Contact Us. Copyright Codework 
2003-2007. All rights reserved. 17 Welcome to the CLC CLC 2008-04-04. 
Codework Workshop (NSF). 2008-04-05. Codework Workshop (NSF). 2008-04-06. 
Codework Workshop (NSF) - 04:35 codework-it.com. Related Searches: Jobs 
Business Sales Marketing How Stuff Works Car. codework-it.com. Related 
Searches, Search 19 E_RUPTURE://Codework " . " Serration in Electronic 
Literature can vary in complexity and technological scale, ... Another 
example of codework that utilizes email correspondence as its source is 20 
Codework codework as at least one. future of writing in part, it s 
prosthetic, Codework. Introduction:. Alan Sondheim,. Focus Editor 21 1986 
to develop foundation software for decision support problems. Codework 
Italia srl, Corso Lanza 105, 10133 Torino, Italy 22 Codework-Systems Home 
Page innovative technologies and products for automating, improving, 
securing and managing enterprise IT systems. ... 23 Lock down systems to 
prevent alteration of desktop settings lock down PCs and prevent user 
changes to systems Driveshield. 24 Microsoft .NET and dotnet obfuscator 
that prevents decompilation and reverse engineering dotnet software. 25 
Source Code Documentation for VB (Visual Basic), Optimize code, VB ... 
Contact Us | Purchasing | Support | Outsourced Development | Career 
Opportunities | Consultancy & Training | Awards | Site Map Codework. 26 
Vision Computer Classroom software : the new MasterEye application or open 
a web page on student computers. Read More.. Vision is a registered 
trademark of GenevaLogic, Codework. 27 PC Pro: Product Reviews: Codework 
BrowseControl 2 Simple web controls make for a cheap alternative for SMBs 
that don't need costly full content-filtering solutions. 28 What is 
codework? [alan sondheim] CLC Plone lanSondheim What is Codework? The 
driving of metaphor, code, or capital is not codework. Codework is the 
labor of code, subject to thermodynamics. 29 <nettime> What is Codework? 
is Codework? Codework is a practice, not a product. It is praxis, part 
parcel of the critique of everyday life. It is not canonic, although it is 
30 Digital Library Center Blog | UF Blog Archive Codework lson/ Codework 
Poster I m currently at the Center for Literary Studies (CLC) Codework: 
Exploring relations between creative writing practices and software ... 31 
Codework Resource Kit CLC Plone Resource Disk CD-ROM. Contact the CLC for 
a copy. 32 Codework, Metaphoricity, Technotexts [sandy baldwin] CLC Plone 
ricityTechnotextsSandyBaldwin Assertion: In Kate Hayles recent account of 
self-reflexive "material metaphors" in "technotexts," the point is not the 
meaning of the metaphors but ... 33 Codework - Training Course Details 
practical exercises in fully equipped first class facilities. We also 
provide On-Site training anywhere within the UK. 34 Whats New Systems 
tools for PC Management Development Tools for C++,Java, offices in UK, 
Canada, Europe, North America. 35 Codework Solutions - contact Military Rd 
#556, Niagara Falls, NY 14304-1745, United States of Australia Codework. 8 
Fennell Rise, Darch, 6065, WA, Australia ... 36 Codework BrowseControl 2 - 
Software/Applications - Review - PC ... Simple web controls make for a 
cheap alternative for SMBs that don need costly full content-filtering 
solutions. 37 Go Administrate With Codework | WebProNews ork Security and 
business continuity should be the greater concern, and it's one that 
software vendor Codework wants to help address. 38 20.023 Codework on 
plain_text from Humanist Discussion Group (by ... 20.023 Codework on 
plain_text. This message : [ Message body ] [ More options New and updated 
writings on Codework on the plain_text zwiki 39 Codework Ltd, Named 
Fastest Growing Distributor for Symantec s ... Named Fastest Growing 
Distributor for Symantec s Altiris Business Unit in EMEA - on PR.com. 40 
Codework Browse Control torrent downloads Control torrent search results. 
Download one of listed Codework Browse Control torrents or choose from 
category bit torrent downloads listed 41 Codework Workshop Schedule of 
Events. Thursday, April 3, 2008. 5:30 pm to 7:30 pm. Reception and opening 
remarks at 130 Colson Hall (location for all ... 42 Codework: Exploring 
relations between creative writing practices ... ar:int=2008 A workshop 
sponsored by the National Science Foundation. Held at West Virginia 
University, April 3-6, 2008. Organized by the Center for Literary 
Computing. 43 Codework: Exploring relations between creative writing 
practices ... ar:int=2008 A workshop sponsored by the National Science 
Foundation. Held at West Virginia University, April 3-6, 2008. Organized 
by the Center for Literary Computing. 44 Codework Solutions - About Us 
Resellers variety of Software tools located in Asia, UK, USA, codework is 
located in india, uk, canada. 45 Codework Solutions - Solutions Resellers 
variety of Software tools located in Asia, UK, USA. 46 Codework Solutions 
- careers Resellers variety of Software tools located in Asia, UK, USA. 47 
Codework-Systems--Contact Us Resellers variety of Software tools located 
in Asia, UK, USA, codework is located in india, uk, canada. 48 <nettime> 
Codework / Eco / Aquinas (fwd)




Haunt


In formal logic, a contradiction is the signal of a defeat: but in the 
evolution of real knowledge it marks the first step in progress towards a 
victory.

(Whitehead, Science and The Modern World)

   Like waves that rise on the ocean stirred by the wind, dancing, and 
without interruption,
   The Alaya-ocean in a similar manner is constantly stirred by the winds 
of objectivity, and is seen dancing about with the Vijnanas which are the 
waves of multiplicity.

(Lankavatara Sutra, trans. Suzuki)

http://www.alansondheim.org/haunt1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haunt2.jpg


waves, convulsions


yspnea, ownfall,
yspnea, 
ownfall,
ownfall,

waves and convulsions through male emanent already shot with terrified 
magnetic field motion

http://www.alansondheim.org/helpme.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/granular1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/granular.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/granu.mp4

uck fit, ysentery, yspepsia,

ysentery, yspepsia,

yspepsia,
ropsy, 
yspnea,yspepsia,
yspnea,
jaunice, laborejaun
ice, labore breathing, larval
ice, labore
 breathing, larval
 breathing, larval

tial wave, titter, tonic tornati
al wave, titter, tonic tornao,
al wave, titter, tonic torna
o,
o,

     abominal epilepsy, abscess, access, acquire     ab
ominal epilepsy, abscess, access, acquire epilepsy,
ominal epilepsy, abscess, access, acquire
 epilepsy,
 epilepsy,

     blooless revolution, boff, boffola, bouleversement, break     bloo
less revolution, boff, boffola, bouleversement, breakown,
less revolution, boff, boffola, bouleversement, break
own,
own,

erangement, iarrhea, iastrophism,

iarrhea, iastrophism,
     cyclone, 
iastrophism,
ebacle, 
islocation, isorisarrangement, 
isorer,
isaster, 
er,
iscomposure, 
     isorganization, isturbance, 
isturbance, iurnal epilepsy, izziness,

iurnal epilepsy, izziness,
     
izziness,
isorganization, 
ysentery, yspepsia, ownfall, 
yspepsia, yspnea,
ropsy, 
yspnea,
uck fit, 
     itching, jaunice, labore     itching, jaun
ice, labore breathing, larval epilepsy,
ice, labore
 breathing, larval epilepsy,
 breathing, larval epilepsy,



shred THE BIG DOWNFALL


will only hurt myself. will only shred myself. convulse myself. divide 
myself. am waiting to die so you will fuck my shreds. you will count each 
shred q1,2,3,4,5,lala, you will count each shred. you will drop shreds 
into factor-order problems, you will still my qubit memory well. you will 
listen to sound-music split from my mouth. you will hear 'from mouth.' 
well tell you. your dead eyes. 'The stable, intelligent being with open 
eyes / Should take the liquid and drink it.' 'Begin the conferral of the 
secret / By blessing according to the ritual / Either the impurities or 
seminal fluid. / On drinking these with a vajra mind / Attainments are not 
hard to accomplish.' (Ghantapada quoted by Panchen Sonam Dragpa trans, 
Boord, Tsonawa) more go away more come back. WAVES TRAVEL THROUGH ME I AM 
NIKUKO JULU TRAVIS ALAN WAVES CONVULSE ME WAVES TURN ME INSIDE OUT I AM 
ILLUSION REALITY OF TRUE WORLD JENNIFER I GIVE YOU SKIN JENNIFER I GIVE 
YOU FLESH I GIVE YOU HEAD ARM OF NIKUKO I GIVE YOU LEFT RIGHT OF VAJRA 
NIKUKO THIS IS A BIG DOWNFALL THIS IS A REALLY BIG DOWNFALL

http://www.alansondheim.org/vgert.mov


Travis and Julu and Jennifer and Travis and Nikuko and Jennifer and Julu 
and Nikuko


convulsions riding doubled figured churned through girl girl fields
through boy girl fields 
through girl boy fields
through girl girl girl and boy
through girl and boy girl girl and fields

Travis and Julu
Jennifer and Travis
Nikuko and Jennifer
Julu and Nikuko

everyone a multiplicity, here's a community for you: internal, what goes 
on outside the heart or cocoon is ruined, is nourishment, sustenance left 
alone. jennifer conforms to travis, nikuko and julu inhabit travis, travis 
is blind in one eye, lame in one foot, stumbles, churns, girls girls girls 
girls, now we're inside all of them, they don't breath, they're in vacuum, 
they're running the show, they are the show. analog and digital meat 
sutured by the abject, digital flees, analog embraces, there's a smell 
about them, you listen to the scent, hearing's left to you above the well 
of tinnitus.

digital doesn't flee, digital is fled, we're sorry about forces beyond our 
control. analog curdles, digital extrudes; analog corrodes, digital 
cleans, analog says

analog says travis and julu are used up
analog says jennifer and nikuko are used up
digital says travis and nikuko are hyperrealisms
digital says jennifer and julu are hyperrealisms

(laughtrack: analog says bite me, digital says byte me)

Nikuko and Travis: We're used and abused.
Nikuko and Travis: We love it. Look, sores. Look, wounds, scars, tattoos.
Jennifer and Julu: We're clean. We wash our cocks. We wash our cunts.
Jennifer and Julu: Look, shiny prims, texture-maps, clean all the way 
down.

Nikuko and Travis beg Jennifer and Julu to abuse them.
Jennifer and Julu control Nikuko and Travis. They say:

Jennifer and Julu: Clean yourselves, you dirty boys!
Jennifer and Julu: Clean yourselves, you dirty girls!

Travis: We're boys, boys, boys, boys, boys.
Nikuko and Jennifer and Julu: We're girls, girls, girls, girls, girls.

digital, analog dancing inside it. i, alan sondheim, wrote them. i, alan 
sondheim, told them to do it. i told them to do this and that. i told them 
to keep their eyes and ears shut. i told them to look elsewhere, hear 
nothing, see nothing. i told them they smelled. i told them they had to 
smell, had to smell as hard as possible, had to leave trails, had to leave 
dampness, had to be moist, wet up there, wet down there. they said, they 
said, nothing but dryness, nothing stays wet, we're in vacuum, you can't 
hear us, you can hardly see us. 

(laughtrack: i said listen, they said glisten)

now we will go for a swim says jennifer, i will wet myself and swim inside 
myself. now i will swim in you says travis, look you are all wet. now we 
move just like one, just like another, just like another. oh i forgot says 
nikuko, julu is our other, julu is our other mother, no says julu, travis 
is our other mother, no no says travis. no says nikuko, jennifer is our 
other mother, no says jennifer, nikuko is our other travis, no says julu, 
jennifer is our other nikuko, and we will play here

we will play where no one comes no one bothers, no one bothers to come, no 
one bothers us. we are all wet up there and down there, before there and 
beyond there, up here and down here, beyond here and before here, and to 
the sides, yes says jennifer, to the sides also, yes says travis, to the 
sides as well. 

we will talk and we will say hello hello, we are very tiny
we will say hello hello hello, we will live forever
we will say hello, we are very tiny and we will live forever

http://www.alansondheim.org/crisisgirlboy.mov





courtship displays of the manifolds: 


coagulation or cohesion of elements, fold-catastrophic jumps, convulsions, 
collocations, substructural part-objects, articulations; bendings, affine 
and other morphological transformations.

from one end of the spectrum, the schrodinger cat paradox resolves as 
leakage, what i'd term abjection, in relation to container and thinging 
contained; from the other, it makes no difference since particles _jump,_ 
not to mention coordinations at distances, etc. it's almost code, codons. 
it's almost discrete, symbolic. it breaks down only where the continuum 
appears, continuity at the periphery. another tactic, that of binary 
particle, that of continuous wave. or does the wave become discrete or 
broth, roiled. modes of string vibrations. think of dimensional collapse 
as the real. 

think of this as _metaphor-engine,_ nothing more, swamped by ignorance. 
think of mathesis among continuums and anything mapped where, surreal or 
other numbers, integers; are natural numbers _natural_? thinned line or 
stepping among infinitesimals. 

courtship displays of the manifolds: 
http://www.alansondheim.org/brokenwarp.mp4




A Long and Wonderful Play of Plays


JULU: Excellent. And this is what I want you to do, Alan -
VYSHINSKY: Tell us the nature of your wrecking activities.
ZUBAREV: When I was working in the seed cultivation department --
Alan: This is excellent, and I will do my very best. 
VYSHINSKY: What was the nature of your criminal activities?
ZUBAREV: Here my criminal activities consisted first of all in wrong.
Jennifer: I am learning so very hard here.
All three together: This is wonderful!
VYSHINSKY: How matters stood with butter, this is of interest to me.
ZELENSKY: We don't sell butter in the rural districts.
VYSHINSKY: I am not asking you what you sell. You were above all.
Alan: I see how this goes. This is amazing. They have been found out!
LEVIN: ...Gorky loved fire, flames, and we made use of this.
Julu: Oh oh, that is so awful! This is such an awful thing!
THE PRESIDENT: As regards wrecking work, it was necessary.
RYKOV: Even more than that!
Jennifer: Oh! Oh! Oh! Attacks from every side! 
Nikuko: Oh! Woe! Attacks from within and without!
KRESTINSKY: ...Further Trotsky developed the idea of necessity!
Julu: Oh dearest us! How awful is Trotsky! Something must be done and now!
KAKAZOV: ... I stand before you, as the murderer!
Alan: Oh curses on Kakazov for his perfidious crime! 
All: Oh we are saved from the wrecking and saboteurs of our country! 
Nikuko: This is a wonderful play, Ladies and Gentlemen.
KIM IL SUNG: Hello, I am a member of the audience and I am very happy.
Jennifer: But oh Great Leader, what is to be done?
KIM IL SUNG: Hello, Our Party will fight against Right and 'Left'!
Julu: Oh that is so good, we will drag down the renegades!
PRESIDENT AND KIM IL SUNG: Yes, ABSOLUTEly!

JENNIFER: I beg pardon for the horrible crimes I have committed!
JULU: I am of course alive, Jennifer, what ever are you talking about?
JENNIFER: Julu's corpse is here before us: Poor, poor Julu, my misery!
JULU: Jennifer, will you stop that? This is silly!
JENNIFER: My guilt is aggravated...
JULU: Please, Jennifer, come with me! This is getting ridiculous!
JENNIFER: Disgraced, thrown in the dust, leaving life...
JULU: You have gone mad! You have been reading too many novels! 
JENNIFER: Years weigh heavily on me with the nightmare of the crimes...
THE COURT: Jennifer, in the name of the commission duly entrusted --
JULU: JENNIFER!! JENNIFER!!
PRESIDENT: You're going to die!
JENNIFER: I'll kill you!

ALAN: Look I'm fucking myself.
JULU: I'll fuck anyone I want to.
NIKUKO: I won't be fucked by anyone.
PRESIDENT: I've killed Jennifer!
ALAN: Look, I'm fucking myself.
JULU: I'll kill both of you.
NIKUKO: I'll kill all three.
PRESIDENT: You're going to die.
JENNIFER: I'll kill you.
ALAN: Look I'm fucking myself.
JULU: I'll fuck anyone I want to.
NIKUKO: I won't be fucked by anyone.
PRESIDENT: This is what I mean.
JENNIFER: I'll kill you.
ALAN: I'll fuck anyone I want to.
NIKUKO: Look I'm fucking myself.
JULU: I'll kill all of you.
JULU: Where is everyone?

THE PRESIDENT: I am in charge of agriculture. Please forgive me.
THE PRESIDENT: Who have you betrayed. This is of utmost importance!
THE PRESIDENT: Thank you, Jennifer. You and I know I am responsible.
Jennifer: You are responsible for what I see!
THE PRESIDENT: Exactly, thank you, Jennifer. 
THE PRESIDENT: The graves of the hateful traitors will grow over!

Jennifer stands: I wish to introduce THE PRESIDENT.
Nikuko stands: I wish to introduce Jennifer.
Jennifer: Thank you, Nikuko.
Nikuko sits: You have been my guide for so many years, Jennifer.
Jennifer: Community is the foundation of all life, Nikuko.
Nikuko: Thank you, Jennifer.
Julu stands: It is wonderful that we live in such a time...
Jennifer: Thank you, Julu.
Alan stands: I wish to thank everyone who has participated in this play.
Nikuko: We want to thank you as well, Alan, for the opportunity.
Jennifer: Thank you as well, Alan.
Julu: Thank you.

Jennifer: We are sitting in a circle. We are waiting turns
Julu: We say we are the players.
Julu: We say we are the players. We say we are broken into scenes.

THE THEATER: Here we are in empty space. There is no audience. T
THE CATWALKS: We favor company and comfort. 
THE CATWALKS: We are your bones. Without us you live dull and steady.
THE THEATER: We favor night and its seepages. We devour night.
THE THEATER AND CATWALKS: We favor bright light and sunshine! 

THE PRESIDENT: I think I've been forgotten. The play continues.
THE THEATER: Roar roar roar. You're inside me just like an avatar. 
Jennifer: These are announcements we're making, we're not quite ready...
THE PRESIDENT: I take care of your eyes.
Jennifer: I see quite well, thanks to you.
THE THEATER: Roar roar roar.
THE PRESIDENT: Please be quiet. No one wants to hear you.
Jennifer: THE PRESIDENT is part of the audience. THE PRESIDENT listens.
THE THEATER: Roar roar roar.
THE PRESIDENT: I am responsible for language. 
Jennifer: THE PRESIDENT says the order doesn't matter.
THE PRESIDENT: I am perfectly powerful; my power is broken.
Jennifer: You are a duly elected official.
THE PRESIDENT: The term is decided only by the term. I am THE PRESIDENT!
THE THEATER: Roar roar roar.

THE PRESIDENT: I am your tongue. Your tongue takes care of your eyes. 
THE THEATER: I'm going home.

Jennifer: He makes me speak Nicely but I can't write Interesting.
Jennifer: I can't see or hear. I can't sleep; I navar sleep. 

Doctor Leopold Konninger: Nikuko, we understand each other.
Nikuko says: But you must do one thing for me doctor.
Nikuko says: You must remove your clothing. 
Nikuko says:: I will wear my tutu.

Nikuko pirouettes with three cameras and there are sfx and a text
Nude Nikuko sitting on nude Doctor Leopold Konninger with sfx.
Quickcam segments with Nikuko's voice describing her sex.
Nikuko pirouettes in a transparent skirt for the Dovctor.
Nikuko and Doctor Leopold Konninger, both fully dressed, dance.
Nikuko in open kimono mouthing AAAAH like a shinto guardian.
The Male Ballet Dancer moves neurotically through the space.
Three still dance shots bring this dance to a halt.
Nikuko in tutu and the Male Ballet Dancer perform a Musical Number.

A woman's face appears superimposed on a train.
A Doodah song accompanying a half-naked Nikuko and fully naked Doctor.
Nikuko dances strangely by herself on the right-hand side.
Nikuko lies exhausted on a blanket wearing a pink tutu.

Jennifer says: Julu is in 400,000 pieces.
Piece 381,924 says: I am piece 381,924, you are addressing me.
Jennifer says: Julu piece 381,924 is addressing me.
Piece 381,924 says: Hello Julu, come in Julu.
Jennifer says: You are Julu-Julu; you have come in.
Piece 381,924 says: Maybe what I have to say is one thing.
Jennifer says: It is one thing, piece 381,924.
Piece 381,924 says: This is one thing Julu.
Jennifer says: This is Jennifer, Julu piece 381,924.
Piece 381,924 says: Forgive me ...



some granular (the wolf who cried boy)


moire patterns
http://www.alansondheim.org/warv.bmp
http://www.alansondheim.org/woven.gif (large)

I don't want you to forget me. I don't want you to think I'm a nuisance. I 
want you to know what my work's about. I want you to know it's poetics and 
philosophy and it can be whatever you want it to be. You have to know 
death the dead the death. You have to know they thought I'd be dead at 
twenty-five. That I'd be dead at fifty. I thought I'd do Mozart at fifty. 
I thought I'd be dead at forty-eight. My body is beginning to burn. My 
body is burning up. My cells are dying faster and faster. I'm writing 
faster than ever. I don't want you to think I'm out of fashion. I don't 
want you to think all I do is make little mannequins jump around on stage. 
I don't want you to think all I know are dirty words and dirty pictures. I 
want you to know there's thought behind everything I do. I don't want you 
to think I'm making art too fast too sloppy too unedited too quick too 
arrogant too depressive too miserable too sick too abject too slick too 
grotesque too contorted too maudlin too self-serving too much too thick 
too repetitive too worthless too ugly. I don't want to defend myself. I 
want you to see what I'm doing. I don't want you to think I'm too egoist 
too egotistical too obscure too messy too narcissistic too 
autobiographical too diaristic too much about nothing too dumb about 
something. I don't want to lose you and I've already lost you. I want to 
see you and my eyes my eyes. I want to follow you and my feet my feet. I 
want to think you to think through you to think before you to think beyond 
you and my brain my brain and my mind my mind. Oh things are as they have 
always been. Oh the blackness is as it has always been. Oh death is on the 
threshold. O Death do not be deceived. O You in pain and comfort this is 
philosophy. O You in sicknesse unto death, thou readest between the lines, 
thou readest line after line in desultory order, thou readest across and 
through fallen lines, thou readest among broken and contorted lines, thou 
readest across the surface of the differend, thou are drawn along, thou 
art deferred, thou supersede thyself, do not desert me, I beg of thee, do 
not desert me, one or another drawn from the past into the paste, drawn 
from futility into the future, drawn from presence into the present. Do 
not come with me unto an Other Land, retard me, hold me back, repress me, 
restrain me, restrict me, curtail me. Oh I do not want you to forget me, 
what I have written, what I have attempted to achieve, what I have 
achieved, already in these fourteen years, already in these fifteen years, 
in these sixteen years. For this is the length of an onslaught not 
slaughter, and this is wavelength, not wave, neither the short nor the 
long of it, the tall or the quick of it, the slow or the fast of it. This 
is philosophy through image under erasure, through dusk-dawn imaginary, 
through the shuffled feathers of the nighthawk in impenetrable swoop, this 
is herald, this is all I can think of truth, ground, foundation, premise, 
hypothesis, lemma, fabrication, shifting, shifter, effacement, disappear- 
ance, evanescence, illumination, darkness and luminosity neither miracle 
nor spirit, quantum in our effecting the world affecting ourselves and 
difference spreading like plague across canon and genre, classic and 
period alike.

blender/poser image manipulation transformed into 'old photo' thru gimp,
using mottling, border, sepia; the result is simulacrum of steam-punk 
material

http://www.alansondheim.org/odal1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/odal2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/odal3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/odal3.jpg


crashland-warv-apart


http://www.alansondheim.org/fenced1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/fenced2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/fenced3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/fenced4.jpg

16k true WARV.net, web home of 1590 AM, WARV, based in Warwick, Rhode 
Island., Welcome to WARV.net, web home of 1590 AM, WARV, based in Warwick, 
Rhode Island. =27 24k true WARV.net, web home of 1590 AM, WARV, based in 
Warwick, Rhode Island. WARV 1590 AM. 19 Luther Avenue. Warwick, RI 02886. 
(401) 737-0700 ... THE NEW 1073 BBT. WELCOME TO THE ALL NEW 1073 BBT, 
PLAYING THE GREATEST HITS FROM THE 60S AND 70S!! Register / Login AM 
&middot; WBCI 105.9 FM &middot; WDER 1320 AM &middot; WFIF 1500 AM 
&middot; WNEB 1230 AM &middot;  WVNE 760 AM &middot; Search &middot; 
Contact Us &middot; Bible League. Login Form. Username Reviews Favorites 
Main. NG Home; WarV. WarV. Age/Gender: 19, Male Location:  West Chester - 
Ohio. Contact Info. Send a Private Message (PM) ... 53k true Come to 
Citysearch to get information, directions, and reviews on Warv and other 
Radio Stations, Communications Utilities in Warwick. 3k true Setting up 
player, please stand by... is a radio station broadcasting a Christian 
radio format.  Licensed to Warwick, Rhode Island, USA, the station serves 
the Providence area. AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio 
format. Licensed to Warwick, Rhode Island, USA, the station serves the 
Providence area. ... Station WARV 1590 AM information page. This page 
lists the information on file for: WARV 1590 AM. Click Radio Station 
Search to browse all of the warv



An emblem


analog--abject (hidden <> flight) flesh silence | {stench, odor}
                 emptiness mind
discrete--pure (visible <> embrace) mind speech | {scent, smell)

Let analog resonate 0, that is substance with no premise, project. Let 
discrete resonate 1, that is inscription with project, maintenance. Think 
analog resonating nothing, discrete resonating. Then _1_ draws _0_ out. 
The Emblem is always discrete, the analog(ic) always approached asymptot- 
ically, from the other side. Analog as release of emblem, discrete as 
emblematic release.

The abject of the analog is hidden (passively or actively); it harbors 
flight, flight-from skittered across substance surface, flight-towards 
oozed beneath it. The abject is desired, uninscribed death, defuge. And 
that is what there is.

Analogic: of the flesh, stench, silence, noise, parasite, emptiness of 
mind.

The visible of the analog is embraced (passively or actively), embrace- 
from as inscription, isolation, purification, distanced, the blemish of 
the body in-visible, sutured over, cosmeticized, cover-up. And embrace- 
towards, arousal within the visible, inscribed and introjected objects- 
objectifications. And that is what there is.

Discrete: of speech, discursivity, talk, fecundity of mind.

Among visible and abject, emptiness.
Among analog and discrete, emptiness.
Analog and discrete sutured at the limits--the inscription of analogic, 
abjection of discrete. Culture exists, exhausts, exhumes, at the junction; 
the junction is driven by impulse, exchange and use values (regimes), 
arousal, rite, contract, the letter, annihilation. The letter is always 
under erasure, granular, memory.

(_Desire_ of flight and embrace.)

On _the one hand_ dyads are always suspect, problematic, under erasure, 
abject; _on the other_ dyads are originary _wherever, whenever there is 
origin._ Think of _originary fields,_ not points; areas, not vectors; 
temporalities, not time; infinitesimals, not 0. Think of emission and 
absorption spectra; particle annihilation and creation: "The world is 
_not_ locally realistic." (Nielsen and Chuang, Quantum Computation and 
Quantum Information.)

nothing among nothing




