==

(for Philadelphia show music: http://shows.dmusic.com/ then to 
Fire Museum Label Showcase Parts 5 and 6. 5=guitar, 6=keyboard.)


Breathless


Julu: Hello Nikuko, you are looking wonderful this very morning.
Nikuko: Hello Julu, why you are looking odd I do think!
Julu: My eye disappears from my head I think, this is no wonderful thing!
Nikuko: I did not say this is wonderful to have an eye disappear!
Julu: And my leg too hanging by a thread! Nikuko, where are you?
Nikuko: Oh dear you are half-blind Julu! 
Julu: You may call me Half-Blind Julu! But I am all blind Nikuko!
Nikuko: You are all blind? You are All-Blind-Julu?
Julu: And you are All-Blind-Nikuko!
Nikuko: What, I am all blind?
Julu: Can you see anything here? Can you see anything at all?
Nikuko: I hear your voice!
Julu: Say something, anything!
Nikuko: I can see perfectly well, Harold.
Julu: I have all my limbs, Maud. Do let me adjust myself.
Nikuko: I am absolutely blind here. Further, I cannot hear anything.
Julu: Further, I cannot breathe and I do not have diabetes.
Nikuko: And yet...
Julu: And yet I have gout, do I not.
Nikuko: You do not, Julu, you do not have anything!
Julu: Maud, you must move slightly to your left, thank you.
Nikuko: Harold, I will not budge an inch!
Julu: Maud, you are not looking properly or you would move!
Nikuko: I am looking just fine, thank you!
Julu: As I said I cannot breathe and there is no air here.
Nikuko: There's nothing to look at anyway!
Julu: You're not even trying!
Nikuko: I am so, I'm trying as hard as you are!
Julu: You aren't even mouthing anything! Stop twisting!
Nikuko: I am losing all my limbs! I absolutely am!
Julu: Adjust yourself!
Nikuko: I am adjusting and adjusting myself! I can't adjust more!
Julu: You are adjusting yourself in a very wrong way!
Nikuko: What time is it? Look at me, what time is it?
Julu: It is 10:30 and you have just lost your head!
Nikuko: Ha ha ha I have lost my head over you!
Julu: ADJUST YOURSELF!
Nikuko: Why Harold what ever is the matter?
Julu: Maud I need a time out! I have lost my leg!
Nikuko: And I have lost my cunt!
Julu: I have lost mine too!
Nikuko: Now we will sing a very sad song about losing things!
Julu and Nikuko:
 Alone among the prims
 We have lost our limbs!
 We cannot ride the course
 When we have lost our horse!
 Take back the day and night!
 Restore to us our sight!
 Look at us when we beg,
 Please return our leg!
Julu: No one will take us serious!
Nikuko: We must appear delirious!
Julu: This world is far too hazy!
Nikuko: You must think we're crazy!
Julu: Now we will sit down in a muddle-puddle and think about things!
Nikuko: Why hello Jennifer, do come join us this fine summer day!
Jennifer: I would love to play today, I say, I'll stay!
Julu: And hello Travis, and how are you?
Travis: Why hello Julu and Nikuko! I have lost my eye, my cock, my leg!
Nikuko: It must be a thing going around.
Julu: There's no other explanation!
Jennifer: Yes, a thing! I've lost my head over it!
Nikuko: We've already said that one!
Jennifer: But it's true! I've lost my head! I'm dead, I said!
Nikuko: Maud, spread out a little!
Julu: Harold, For once tighten up!
Jennifer: I'm dead! I'm dead cold and I'm dead!
Travis: I'm breathless!
Nikuko: You can't breathe anyway!
Julu: You can't breathe at all!

Jennifer and Julu: Two Important Announcements!
Nikuko and Travis: What?! What?!
Jennifer and Julu:
 Shepherdstown - Once Mecklenberg. Settlements about 1719,
 Named for Thomas Shepherd, its founder, and incorporated
 in 1762. First church (Presbyterian), west of the Blue
 Ride was here. First W. Va. newspaper, 1790. First W. Va.
 post office, 1792. Jefferson Co. - W Va. 45 and W Va. 48
Nikuko: Terribly wonderful! Terribly terribly wonderful!
Travis: Yes, wonderfully terrible! Truly a chasm chiasm!
Jennifer and Julu: And now for the second ...
 They shoot the flying, chase the running, expose the hiding,
 surprise nestlings, close up entrance holes, upset nests,
 injure the pregnant, and break the egg.
Nikuko and Travis: Yes, they do! They do!
Jennifer and Julu: And furthermore ...
 Ice Mountain - Huge natural refrigerator, five miles north
 along North River, where ice is found for several hundred
 yards on the hottest summer days. Raven Rock, on North
 Mountain, offers one of the finest views in West Virginia.
 Hampshire Co. - U. S. 50 and W Va. 45 at junction.
Nikuko: That is so complete, so amazingly complete!
Travis: Yes, complete more than that, even more!
Jennifer: Now we will be very silent
Julu: and listen to the sound of our own hearts' beating.
Nikuko: Alas, we hear nothing!
Travis: Alas, we hear nothing at all!

(Fin(i)(s)h)


--
http://www.alansondheim.org/biog.txt continuous autobiography 
new material dispersed and at end
--


Teledildonics and motion capture


it's the avatar in him that's dreaming
it's the emanent in them that's dreaming

the body shudders from its root - literally, hip, joint, stoma:
'a mouth or mouthlike opening (especially one created by
surgery on the surface of the body to create an opening to
an internal organ)'

it only requires circulation

it requires it, it's it  under erasure
or spew, a famine comes to mind

http://www.alansondheim.org/_private/sexmoving.mp4
('for mature'; this won't remain online for long)




Teledildonics and sound capture device


 http://www.alansondheim.org/radio.ogg

 true the first commercial teledildonic sex machine, in cooperation with 
the Museum of Well have sound live in New York with the machine and the 
girl, ... seemed to be at home with a commercial pop sound, and at the 
same .and some kind of teledildonic attachments - the headline is 
Cybersex. ... teledildonic rig REMEMBER THE JOKE running around the net 
about remote sexual devices? The things you do to one part are true These 
media will soon be joined by haptic

 and teledildonic

 equipment that will communicate a partner caresses and allow you to feel 
them. ... These media will soon be joined by haptic and teledildonic 
equipment that

 will communicate a partners caresses and allow you to feel ... true 
Create a Teledildonic Groove for your Lover You can turn off the sound 
function and use the vibrator separately. This is, of course, how people 
who are ... ontier-of-teledildonic-possibilities 126k true Kiss Phone 
Opens Up New Frontier of Teledildonic Possibilities .1 (Mixed By Dj Sammy) 
- Label: Ministry Of Sound - Genre: House, ElectroHouse ... Bright 
blessings and transforming teledildonic testaments to you both. . for the 
storage part, and this is beginning to sound like the old retro These 
media will soon be joined by haptic

 and teledildonic

 equipment that will communicate a partner caresses and allow you to feel 
them. ... with a specific interest in sharing convivial teledildonic 
parapsychological interactions. My favorite ambient sound diabolist is 
MixMaster Morris. teledildonic


urn at 3 am


it's been raining out
and it's been raining out
in this dark night of prayer wheels
churning for mother and cat and long lost friends
dying pulling the curtain down with them among them
the prayer wheel turning all through the rain
small candle driving it every night a different candle
small candle grieving one night and an other

it's raining out and the wind comes swirling in
the poor tiny flame shakes and shudders
great shadows on the ceiling in this unheard of room
and i face down on the bed and open one eye then an other
there are shapes moving on ruined thinned-out retinas
floaters and animals blindspotting dark unfocused worlds
generated from within memories of sight 
memories of death and dark candles

in this dark night of prayer wheels and worlds
my writing burns like a flame on the verge
it's twisted around the thing and churning
it says nothing it doesn't know how to speak
i don't know how to speak
and anymore in the rain
in the dark rain
and anymore in the dark dark dark dark rain

