

Analysis in this context says nothing whatsoever about physical theory, 
its direction or relation to the humanities. It occurs as metaphor, 
indicative of parallel operations within a critical phenomenology, but 
also as an approach, keeping in mind the obdurate, the broken, the 
wayward, and the lack of return; in curved space, a parallel transported 
vector in general does not return to itself, a measure of curvature based 
on dissimilarity. In theory, the object, like the author, continually 
shifts against a foam-like holarchy of inscription and information. The 
twist as kernel continually changes as well; thus interpretation occurs 
within a hermeneutics of stochastic/chaotic flux. Philosophy never ends, 
and one might well be suspicious of fundamental philosophies that reify an 
obdurate positionality from which everything is generated; the holarchic 
entanglement of information on the horizon of a black hole is indecipher- 
able. I think of philosophy always plural, always broken, part-object 
philosophies without end, that advance only to the extent that scientific 
theory tends towards a form of increased knowledge. Philosophies continue 
and constitute an endless dialog in retreat and circumscription, a dialog 
of phenomenologies of being-in-the-worlds, ranging across inscriptive 
fields and domains; every moment of stasis is deconstructed, and every 
moment is superseded. Philosophy does not talk to itself; it talks to and 
of the world, and ought listen: just as narratives are constructs useful 
to make sense out of chaos with a surplus of contrariness and noise, just 
so philosophical groundwork is useful, but undercut by surplus. One small 
advantage of postmodernity was the recognition of the inherency and import 
of undercutting; the "myth of eternal return" is found lacking, as every- 
thing, everywhere, everywhen, twists and is always shattered, always 
other, even if only to an infinitesimal degree. It is only within the 
realm of quantum physics and below that absolutes reign, in the sense that 
quantum numbers and fundamental particles are described by finite sets of 
numbers, wave equations, probabilities, and the like. The combinations 
among anything constructed from these - atoms, molecules, fields, and the 
like - tend towards the foam; by the time one reaches the temporal or 
spatial scales of being-human, it becomes impossible to return to, or
postulate origin. And _this_ is semiotically related to other spaces 
embodying sememes, semiotic domains, and fields of inscription, however 
defined; in short, they don't compute, except dynamically, lost like any 
weather system, losing any philosophy.

