

In the Zen koan there is a severing and no return; in the Oxherding images 
there is a representation of this. The emerging geodesic is an opening 
elsewhere and elsewhen under erasure and the twist is that evidence 
which continues the duration of the novice until it is recognized that 
what appears to be a setup is no such thing. The analysis is a perception 
of the failure of analysis. In Tantra there is a similar occurrence with 
generation and completion, a severance which is not a severance. Nagar- 
juna's contradictions emphasize this on the plane of a logic which 
nonetheless remains bound to its analysis. Without such, there is Tao one 
does not contend with; Tao follows a geodesic. What is missing in all this 
is the twist per se; the twist carries information, that of the semiotic 
foam, information inherently tangled, but information that is not annihil- 
ated. The physical gravity of space-time is presence as well; it is within 
the fine-tuning of analysis that withdrawal and severance appear obdurate. 
Neither withdrawal nor severance is complete; the twist, diacritical 
curlicue presences itself in analysis or not in analysis. In relativity, 
the twist is measurable, a measure of local curvature; in philosophical 
analysis, it is the objet petit a, the horizon and so forth, which resists 
annihilation, continues the project of being-human. What about the curva- 
ture of space in the Flower Ornament Sutra? There must be some such thing 
for perception to occur; even so the Sutra's insistent and continuous 
exfoliation fills every void, as if one could talk of an energy-momentum 
tensor at work. The geodesic clots, is slowed; perhaps this is the case as 
well in any severance or jump; the ground, what one falls into or through, 
is never as clear as it seems to be. Shades of Hegel's porosity come to 
mind. And what comes to mind and disappears is mind, but always with a 
twist. 

One should be careful about rolling everything up into zero or one; the 
fit is not a fit, harmony not a harmony. In a stringed instrument, tension 
constantly varies, and decisions are reached, when something is in or out 
of tune. The beat frequencies slow, but never reach the zero point; there 
is always a literal twist left over, and on a quantum level the string 
frequency must vary to some noticeable degree. What degree is character- 
ized by both human perception and tuning, and by fundamental constants of 
the universe. One always plays against noise, tuning (a) is never the same 
as tuning (b), but neither is it zero nor one.

