

isolation elegy

our dancer has disappeared into physical therapy
my assistant works invisible regular hours we hope
he never shows for radio or video or other work
arrangements are a thing of the past
his interest is that of a mortician
my musician friend has disappeared
he took the hard drive with him and we live in silence
the brilliant ex-student is on the road
supposedly we're collaborating but he never showed
a show at the university arts center never happened
our tenant flaked out on the pittsburgh tour
so much for moving out of the choking city (new york)
the dance department head has disappeared as well
performances at the local club fell through
work in the three-dee cave seems impossible at this point
{ our principles on the nsf grant are wonderful and busy
we meet and write and go our separate ways }
we had a bad storm last night hurrah hurrah
now we spend days talking to the cat and ourselves
we work at home approaching and withdrawing from the machine
the machine dominates our lives in utter silence
our closest hometown friends have disappeared
we're outside the potential well of the real
we're floating in plasma the consistency of jello
our voices are muffled and disappear according to x^1/8
i listen to other lives on the scanner whispering day and night
we're on automatic trying to leave the big city (new york)
we've no destination in three worlds and ten directions
i've done all i can to decorate this one
buddha stays silent all of them 
and oh what a beautiful sunset i say to azure
oh yes indeedy she says in response
and maybe we'll go down to the lab and dance a little dance
or i'll work on the phenomenology of filters and watch tv
tv is our friend but it never seems to listen
did i mention nick and nick have never called
i wonder what it's like to have breakfast in omaha
i seem to recollect we left our voices there
columbus ohio will do just as well
sometimes i'll pick up a guitar and make my noise
i build small walls around a massive depression
grey goo isn't nano but a condition of everyday life
i can't see the forest because of the trees
we're tired of poverty and isolation
i'm tired of stress and headaches and twitches and pains
bad eyes going worse i can't see the boring world
did i mention the second life performance seems canceled
the curator has disappeared and we're left holding the avatars
it's not much of a stretch to drop objects on the ground
but in second life i'm just a noisy visitor
and where was the show going to happen in the first place
anyway no one's ever there so it's like our house
i'm waiting for the mail and someone to check the electric
she might come this week or the next or down in dark september
that should be as exciting as boycotting the olympics
we couldn't watch the olympics but china's our future
don't forget people here don't believe in evolution
and set out to do anything to disprove it
i've always wanted to say "if you've read this far"
but if you've read this far you're just about here and now
there's nothing else going on but clumps of letters
i think i'll stay awake a few more hours





Spain, Online


Sugar Seville is OnlineSeville: hi !You: Hi Sugar!Alan!- Sandy should be 
coming on around now. I've been playingwith objects here. What I thought 
to do if it's possible, make dozens of thesein the space that has video 
projections; people would have move through them one way or another get 
screens. so it akind rubble... we'd perform same as well did you want show 
images?i really like they look me, what you're referringto? can more other 
walls are beautiful!ah, was looking at back great, they'd workhere images 
posted and sent me link called" double" They'd work. There lot well. 
Any...sandy Taifun maybe good maingallery think sorts objects?Sandy's 
Taifun: yes holloSandy!This bad acid trip! great!don't drink purple 
coolaidfor long time wasn't able object s-now seem again (place 
environment) just plugged earpohnes, no mic tonightyes, Sugar, hear me?she 
amazing see sugarsorry can'tturn voiceOk, communicate by text speaking but 
dont headphonesproblemprob lemaccepted your inventory offer.Maybe we 
transport stuff sure, give forth easy enoughmany could take us place? I'd 
my home moment alan: pixelate does oscillates machine It's clean objct; 
bandwidth probably. dsl Tomorrow meet either rl sl?btw some new musical 
instruments, traded crazyutoday moundsvgille SOUNDWISE CAN DO ANYTHING!!! 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!sl, certainly. practice.now, any files onlinedirectory? 
perhaps both set up helpe.g. alansondheim.orgprobably all them; I'm not 
sure format needsthough whether mp4 w/h264 workable ok. cuz quickly 
wvudirectory. let's wants. Sugar?yes?Is this stairs here?A few questions 
Mattes still returnWhen doesSevi comne down Ah. Home position set.here, 
come workj 0 each will need own parcelokcurrently divided into 3So thre 
streams?top screen youll says zone 1 Yesooh, mine zone2?then may over line 
2hee hee, that's right.guess screens where subdivide parcels fit fill much 
objects, in, how screens?building rotatedd 8 degrees off axisSL 352 
axis..rotate prims calls z package: avatar / avatar. knives. cut. 
avatar-man talks. inside he says. it. construction torsion near 
edge-space. limits world. anorecticlisten avatar-man. dream-woman.dream- 
woman contaminated. condemned.  weird call y please slow upm 
thankssooryproblem:-)part things unfamiliarw/ walkthrough, think, setting 
stream scripted well, know. point it? otherwise, go tutorial something 
similar? whenever ready url try i'm second there's an 'avafuck.mp4' put 
love might too http://www.alansondheim,.org/avafuck.mp4 I'll check 
www.alansondheim.org comma got in. most recent there compressed h264 & 
handle ok, object/screen format? running left ear right depends 
serverevery watching connecting separately We'd file from West Virginia 
Univiersity use it, since risqueNikuko annoying times...mouse floor click 
World Menu select About Land Media tab option sequence framesuploaded 
played script what? shouold perhaps?saying cause out rangeopen world menu 
about landmedia lets do?sorry, drawback besides push play, standing view 
llle: viewed servers which lagadvantage hand changedeleting named 'x' 
putting name case what'spossible firstyes. stream.http://www.alansond- 
heim.org/avafuck.mp4 ? moving university speak, looks file,FreeView 
Flatscreen TV: Welcome free,open-source television! niceidea is!** Error 
deeded group. You must Remote control TV Guide. remote Video -> 
Configuration menu. Please refer notecard further assistance. New URL 
press play controllerviewerbetter friendplays automaticallyanything 
screen? Perhaps facking back; gaz. gaz side, strangeworked once isntseeing 
move, static picture?Sugar!!!!secfixxing horizontal ground?That's possibly 
fly object? hard better?Yes, went The poster beautifulmovie shd far 
good...never felt enormous life!gosh naked... :-)lost petit 
literally?fors:-)))having always seems happen No texture found. 
Settingdefault: 71b8ff26-087d-5f44-285b-d38df2e11a81 Error: Cannot modify 
settings. owned owner. doing brbthank Offlineworking quite shd.Not yet... 
By keep small keyboard; we'll very fancy (traded) server. um,there, 
slightly different name... prudish that? problem. 'videox' 'videoy' 
'videoz' when upload thosethree streams/slots; proper easily done. 
changing so.current title gallery, graphic excellent, nothing all; also 
doesn't 'clear up' reason sharp you? Bad Day Black Rock on, Azure's 
absolutely incredible movie... no, other's seen.so, progress. Think btw, 
tomorrow... vary diverse textures? half half; quality rubbe thanpresen- 
tation. forget who trouble where? movie?let know backgroundoh spencer 
tracy?nasty nastier climaxwesterns curious: one's, one's trancsendental 
definitely, realize reminds L'Avventura missing character center... 
reading Nagarjuna...ther's why shouldnt oh, buddhist westerns. thinking 
eltopo others period. desert. sugar: guys button slinterface? Buddhists 
forest Vedas! haven't seen topo... i.e. our end?donMan Michinaga getting 
end.quicktime playersuggest then?wait little catch Ok.i'll laterWe 
tomorrow stay -- figure mean pretty dayits qujicktime .mp4 .movaccording 
linden needed compression1876.12 kbits/sthats data ratekinda high ask tech 
supportconsumes huge itselfsay ahead h ere placeholder prim meeting late 
afternoon early evening?How prim? (Apologies ignorance)rename info you, 
time? bye!works earlier, 9stead ten? grr...!Sandy, sometime?Let 
Skype?which?conversation w/sugar?were range?godtaken down, range.What?did- 
n't that.whew!save Are available skype phone call?email bed. talk 
afternoon? kids doctor


getting ready for the big second life show in odyssey after all

that thing in the middle is the avatar
nikuko is the avatar generating hir elements
hir limbs are disconnect (UDP) (netsplit)
hir body are skein (TCPIP)
5 body are piece-modeled on floor, wall, ceiling
hir body are gathering from floor, wall, ceiling, thing
don't bump into thing!
sometime s/he is there for your performance pleasure
will be videos image-imaginaries
here is maquette-marionette of hir big day coming

http://www.alansondheim.org/slex1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/slex2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/slex3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/slex4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/slex5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/slex6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/slex7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/slex8.jpg


==


Reverse excavation and installation of materials for Second Life solo
exhibition, The Accidental Artist


It's difficult manipulating since the Nikuko avatar flies blind; it's 
impossible to see around the body extrusions. Mouse-view only works so far 
since nothing can be done except looking when it's open. Ctl-Alt-D, which 
changes camera viewpoint, helps a bit, but not much. The prims are so many 
and so complex, it seems that the world is close to overload; at one point 
I had set most transparent, but the ray-tracing gets too complex for 
slower machines. There will be three video streams, twelve sound sources 
with ten-second samples, and a continuous source, as well as these 
sculptures and other images on the wall. Sugar likens it to pinball. Even 
with a small avatar body, moving about the gallery is difficult. Most of 
the objects are impossible in physical space - or at least would require a
lot of Plexiglas support. Most of the images on or within the sculptures 
are external body, some imitative of internal organs. The images are 
distorted and have to be perceptually disentangled; they're either tiled 
or awkwardly wrapped. The affair is a gaudy circus one. It's a stage for 
performance (by Sandy Baldwin and myself) as well; moving about the space 
in alien choreographies will be just as difficult for as as for the 
spectators. I can easily imagine a dancespace filled, as this one is, but 
with phantom or invisible objects; the avadancers would find themselves 
and the rest of us among the absent ruins. Here however garishness is the 
premise and the promise of the virtual; there's no reason for camouflage 
in an airless space.

But it's difficult maneuvering in an eyeless space, literally flying or 
walking blind, sometimes falling out of the gallery altogether, ending up 
wedged and lawless. Occasionally a section of floorboard appears like a 
vector; we (Nikuko and myself) might be headed in the right direction. 
Camera angles, when the avatar stills hirself, through a series of 
alternating rotations and translations, can approach just about anything 
within ten meters or so; beyond that, chaos reigns. While these images are 
somewhat hit or miss, they convey the sense of new physics, lost structure
and boundary within the space. Now Nikuko hirself is at rest, in a realm 
as absent as the rest of us, until we log on together, momentarily, to 
work on installing sound. 

(Thanks to Sugar Seville and Sandy Baldwin for everything.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/ slshow jpgs - go to the webpage, click on 
'Last Modified' twice to bring the most recent files to the surface; there 
are 20 of them.


