==


Azure Carter's Avatar Man With Dream Woman song


http://www.alansondheim.org/avatardream.mp3

(music, voice, Azure Carter, lyrics from Alan Sondheim's words,
Azure Carter)



I write to I you write not to simply you Hello you my now name not Anna, 
many think to that see now Hello many name surprise Anna, see think 
letter, to ask I a to lot you of not time simply give I me, not so you. 
want surprise will by get that acquainted where with I you. took You so by 
want where get took with yours and e-mail? I Certainly to it you secret 
later and in tell not later a in secret this I letter. in from Cheboksary 
Russia very live long city this Cheboksary letter. very I long from there 
it was has one bothered after me, relations in has there bothered there 
our after are me agencies about acquaintance my me good about girlfriend 
good of girlfriend acquaintance which to also acquainted prompted the got 
husband the USA husband through USA prompted through got agency, this have 
of gone acquaintances agency paid acquaintances agency, paid gone money my 
helped have find 1000 prince that 1000 find roubles yours distances and 
e-mail told address roubles told me person I approaches and here you sit 
person wish of much letter, myself. to To you 29 tell years not like 
volleyball be much engaged I fitness to volleyball I spend fitness on I 
open love air. classical am Gentle romantic and love time classical on 
music. open Gentle air. fragile love girl and demands I respect. you 
interests demands why to such find beautiful to does the itself beautiful 
young does man not country, you certainly it, can very explain simply it, 
had had can we 2 were relations together with 2 the while we started that 
enjoy wish trust. find And the is I able do Because with do is search to 
for love short the create hope present I happy short family. relations 
hope wish knowingly agency spent acquaintances me. this send and photos 
you letter me. pleasant very Your I new hope friend that Anna it looks 
much forward looks hearing to




The Accidental Artist:


Solo Exhibition opening June 25th, Odyssey, Second Life

(in collaboration with Sugar Seville, Sandy Baldwin, Azure Carter)

completed gallery installation shots:

http://www.alansondheim.org/ slfinalmap series

mapping video on the gallery floor:

http://www.alansondheim.org/warped1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/warped2.jpg

more information later


My enemy the digital, why not to live


It's on the verge of something, on the tip of the tongue, something about 
the digital and its relation to truth and mass accountancy and the 
ability to harness languaging on an unprecedented scale, something about 
the evanescence or shadowing of truth, about dictatorial tendencies and 
the ability to spread and modify code across whole continents, that this 
isn't an academics but an unmitigated furor - and in this sentence the 
digital or any specification/speciation becomes a disease of separation 
and the wager of truth, that is to say a political economy of truth that 
relies not on facticity but on a market or gaming in which truth is the 
outcome, not the forerunner, of stakes. One doesn't stake on truth, but on 
an apparatus that produces truth vis-a-vis accountancy, the digital; it is 
this manipulation that permits staking in the first place. My digital my 
love, my digital my enemy; these inscriptions produce skein, structure, 
market: Every market is an inscription, every inscription a market. It 
becomes increasingly useless to survive, to the extent that survival is a 
condition of change or altruism; instead, the same old game repeats itself 
indefinitely, a game of strategy within which slaughter, dis/ease, anomie, 
become byproducts or residues of categorization. It was writing, the 
writing of the concrete and concrete writing, that began a slide towards 
miasma, no matter how much it was curtailed by that very same writing. And 
what a slide, because also a harnessing of miasma, withdrawal from the 
real; it's a miasma of the imaginary and it's within the imaginary that 
the market is the most violent: without bounds and gaming, truth appears 
both certain and purchasable, and is always, within the digital and 
accountancy, infinitely alterable, without tethering. Without tethering 
there are no bounds, the world is boundless and frontiers are infinitely 
mobile; with infinite mobility comes exponential consumption of resources 
until asymptotic limits are incoherently named and approached - while the 
rich get richer, their class rapidly diminishes and dissipates. There's no 
end to all of this pseudo-fecundity except defuge, exhaustion, extinction, 
and each hour we are all the closer to the chaos of the retrievable. What 
was canonic is nameless, just as genre dissipates into an absence of 
meaning leaving organism without a _not_ to stand on; sure slow death 
results - no one notices, no one has the capacity to notice, all that 
accountancy grounded in backup is lost, the files topple, electricity cut 
off for longer and longer periods, finally none at all.

I think of Hitler and all those records, arms marked by integers, bodies 
cut out, decomposed elsewhere, increased complexity of coding, Auschwitz, 
sludge...


=


Haptic


The Hapticmath program was written at WVU for a Phantom2 haptic stylus; 
move the stylus, and the cursor can 'feel' the graph of a mathematical 
expression as a groove, which is also visible on a screen. In the 
following series of images, the program is demonstrated and applied to 
equations with anomalous curves. The sin(x) - a sinewave - maps simply, as 
does tan(x) - the tangent curve. But the latter goes asymptotically to + 
and - infinity, and the stylus can't connect at the juncture. This is a 
well-defined vertical line. Of greater interest is sin(tan(x)), which has 
an anomalous region; most of the images are of that. The expression was 
biased to fill the screen, i.e. 3*(sin(tan(1.5*(x+3)))). While dashes are 
visible, nothing connects with the stylus, which tends to disappear, 
become absorbed in the region. The visible haptic anomalous region, in 
other words, becomes a paradoxically indeterminate haptic surface with an 
invisible cursor. Metaphorically, touch has been compromised and absorbed 
in a virtual space barely hinted at. As with my other work, this indicates 
an informal limit where other phenomena appear, and the usual extensions 
of the body, as well as body image, cannot be taken for granted.

http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic13.jpg

(Thanks to Frances van Scoy and the West Virginia VEL for use of the 
equipment.)





Azure's song and haptic video


Azure Carter's Avatarman song


Avatar Man with Dream Woman

I've become imaginary
Disappearing in the movement
I've become contaminated
Raster of clock time

Avatar Man with Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Avatar Man

***

This avatar package
Already dead inside
This building is condemned
We know nothing's alive

You can look inside
He says
You can do it
Avatar edge
Shooting out to infinity

Limits of the world
Images of lost fecundity
Fragility of good things
We're doomed to novelty

You can look inside 
Dream Woman
The imaginary rides
No world
No limit
No grid
Nothing

Our male likes death
It excites him sexually
We know meat in his absence
Gamespace economy

You can look inside
She says
Death meat body
Hierarchy
Not holarchy


Dream woman enters a hole
Twisting through forbidden space
There's no moment to her moment
Hair fluid across face

You can look inside
Avatar
Hemisphere eye
Prim edge
Geek construct
Linden brain

***

I have done my work here
Return us to ourselves
The imaginary leaves us
As nothing ever will

Avatar Man with Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Avatar Man



Haptic video


clumsy fooling around leads to impressive results

by 'haptic track' I continued to mean 'haptic trap' as I was trapped in 
the track of linguistic change.

http://www.alansondheim.org/haptic.mp4



Nikuko, others, performing


http://www.alansondheim.org/odyssey.mp4

High compression... this is from the workstation viewpoint... it's hard to 
see around the avatar which is enormous and glowing. Lucian Iwish came on 
later with a structure that enveloped the whole building... but with the 
show, the avatar I use is perhaps twenty-five feet high... Sandy's is both 
larger and smaller, variable, ghost-like... We had a few people the first 
night, a crowd the second (afternoon) who spoke mainly Italian. This sec= 
tion is from the first night. Live instruments included flute, chromatic 
harmonica, sampling keyboard. Sandy's texts flew amazingly, were from our 
theory writing on avatar and the like. My texts were paste-ins from the 
Jennifer, Nikuko, Doctor Leopold Konninger, Julu plays. Sound is from a 
number of simultaneous sources under the control of the viewer. You can 
talk or make live music in Second Life. Time of the recording was set to 
midnight. Second Life beyond the traditional physics (which can be 
countermanded to some extent by creating objects without physics) is 
incredibly malleable; a building roof can exist without support, marked- 
off territories may have no concrete barrier markers beyond the luminous 
floating signs; bodies can be modified at will; flying and teleportation 
are comment; one exists without breathing on land or sea; set carefully, 
one penetrates rocks; you might or might not see through your avatar's 
body; for that matter, objects may glow or be transparent; touch at a 
distance is possible and common; you may construct on land, in sea, within 
air; you normally disappear when your character logs out; environment and 
time may follow Second Life time or be set artificially; one might talk 
with one's voice, through internal instant messaging, or through chat; 
your avatar body may be distorted by others; everything depends on Linden 
corporation; Linden may well be able to hear any and all private conversa- 
tions; beyond Linden there's the horizon of bandwidth; particle emissions 
are quick and contain just about anything; buildings arise and fall in a 
twinkling of an eye... The time is midnight, the objects glow, intersect; 
I believe, without proof, that they are sliding in a fourth spatial dimen- 
sion through some flaw in the software; there are some bodies and some 
objects I may fly through; there are some I am held by; there are some who 
hold me; there are griefers and hackers; there are some who hold me... Who 
am I but avatar-Nikuko, Nikuko-avatar; she speaks through me; asserts her- 
self; possesses a literally uncanny insistence; turns towards withdrawn 
sexuality; is always waiting and awaiting, as I am always waiting and 
awaiting here. Flying through configurations, she settles on a certain 
appearance or style or look; I am back beyond the screen; she controls 
objects greater than any I have controlled; she is adroit. I am back 
beyond the screen; I'm blinded by the objects; for the most part I can't 
see ahead, only slight glimpses to the left and right, slight glimpses of 
the floorboards beneath her feet. There, beneath her feet, are the vector 
guides that somewhat make a mapping. I have three choices: stay within her 
body, breathe her breathless air, or fly her everywhere which gives me the 
slightest vision above the objects, or use mouselook, which allows me to 
see through Nikuko's eyes, gives me her sight, or scent, her touch, her 
perfume. But mouselook takes over the screen; the configuration menus and 
controls disappear; you're only there with her, in her, as she is in you; 
everyone else is present, easy to see and touch; you might run or swoop 
with delight; you might stay absolutely still; but your bound within her 
as your bound within Second Life as a Life, that is, as a being-in-the- 
world which gives you no escape, no meta-processes to fine-tune the 
process. You can't build that way; you are sunk in Nikuko's body, part of 
her avatar-flesh, sheave-flesh, sheave-mind, Linden-mind; your swallowing 
is her swallowing, your food her own. So in these performances, the more 
Nikuko gathers, the more I am flying blind, even building blind, speaking 
blind, dancing and yes choreographing blind, blind in this airless world 
with the trivial fact that it is I who see, dispersed-eye, not Nikuko who 
can only whisper through appearance, affect me through her slightest move- 
ment, walk and talk, sit and stand, nowhere at all. Yet there is something 
of a future here, not in Linden or the Corporation, neither in bandwidth 
nor in prim-counts, but in a peripheral and, again that uncanny insist- 
ence, that feeling that Nikuko is living, not as prosthetic or other 
device, not as prim, but perhaps as a not-so-prim woman or girl or neutral 
or male at the last or gender-ending moment of the real. For Nikuko has 
taken me, just like others have taken you into the unaccountable true 
world, with its lines of flight and inscriptions intensifications and 
dispersed gatherings of selves and bodies, the true world of scatterings, 
spews, emissions, radiations. And among all of this, Nikuko flies, swoops, 
cavorts, in nowhere, among an underground mathesis gone wild, presented 
for your pleasure or operating pleasure, for your frisson or sport- or 
spoor-world, for the spook or glow, fed by nothing, a picture for your 
pretty sight, a longing, for something, somewhere, languor ...


new bodies for old

http://www.alansondheim.org/ aabody series

after advanced/character/ menu produced male and female characters 
accouterments and refused to return all hir objects

Think of SL as an abstracted 4-dimensional space-time continuum: What are 
the built-in constraints? Fundamental forces like gravity have to be 
built-in; there's no _inherent_ reason for its existence. The ceiling 
instead - that which backgrounds the continuum - is corporate, and as such 
might as well be a corporate model for future-culture and cultural proc- 
esses in the 'real world.' 

The corporate model is fundamentally a tacit and leaky one. Tacit: because 
its operations are quickly treated as natural by body and mind (invisible 
prosthesis). And leaky: because it fills every space, construes every op- 
eration, colors and codes within and throughout the true world invisible.

"Corporate" is not restricted to either a particular mode of capital or 
power, nor a particular mode of governance - but instead is a basic and 
backgrounding mode of quantification, related in Second Life and for that 
matter, the older MOOs and MUDs, by the assignment of hierarchies, parent- 
child processes, and identification numbers within the world, world-build- 
ing, and worlding "in general." 

Given this constraint, what are others, and how do they relate? At least 
for the moment, one logs in and out of SL; inactivity logs one out and for 
the most part, when one logs out, one's body disappears (unlike a MOO, for 
example, where a body might be found somnolent in a "body-bag"). In other 
words, one's activity is _framed_ by a process of intention and/or tend- 
ing-towards, a process which requires a particular action on the part of 
the participant - which in fact constructs the framing of the very concept 
of participation.

One is constrained by the process of building, but this is also a matter 
of time, energy, money, and nuisance. A similar constraint exists for 
land-ownership - and within SL, ownership is both relative (in relation to 
the corporation and the continuous output of the corporation, in terms of 
finance, governance, capital, and power in general), and absolute: The 
land that is owned is purely and totally _intended_; it has no otherwise 
existence or mode of being, no wilderness. (One might designate or assign 
a region as wild, but this an intended act as well; it is neither obdurate 
or substance, "idiotic inert" no analog.) 

At least at the moment, one is constrained by three-dimensionality and its 
projection into the 2-space of the screen. Given that, objects may inter- 
sect and self-intersect and may or may not be "gravitationally" bound.

One is constrained by modes of behavior, coded and uncoded; by bandwidth; 
by one's terminal (therefore one's economy and one's relationship to class 
and corporate in any world); by one's health in the physical world; by 
one's ability to script and code. Where is the internal (not to mention 
external) history, per participant and/or login, of Second Life and its 
denizens? Where are the rolls of land ownership and usage? The history of 
SL's code and coding? The detailing of its proprietary software? (The 
world itself is closed-source.) 

(For surely the world as a whole may be investigated, as a book of nature, 
a supine woman, an angry man, red in tooth and claw, as God's hand and 
God's shriveled hand, as systemic coordination and mathesis, as semiosis, 
as subject and object of dissection, of nothing whatsoever.) 

One's steam runs out ...


Poetics of the Virtual

Second Life as a laboratory for phenomenology of representations of space- 
time: think of multiply-connected geometries and configurations, dynamic 
impossible behaviors, behavioral and object intersections and collisions, 
spews, and interiorities. We work concretely and theoretically towards a 
poetics and psychophysics of the virtual through Second Life; through 
abject and inconceivable topologies, we experience an obdurate alterity. 

The poetics of the avatar is dependent upon dissemination, dissimulation, 
and dispersion. One moves as a dispersion as well, moves through skein- 
and sheave-skin; time and objects loop, are activated, suffer through 
detumescence, collapse, revive, are always already potential. The world is 
peculiar; one object teleports, another spews, a third crackles video.

Thanks to Sugar Seville, Sandy Baldwin, Ian Ah, and others, the space 
becomes more complex, problematic. We have a five-month residency here.

"This exhibit is being presented in the networked environment Second Life 
on the Odyssey simulator. To view this work you must have a Second Life 
account and avatar. To set up an account, go here: http://secondlife.com/ 

Once you are logged into Second Life, click this link: 
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 - the Second Life client will 
teleport your avatar to the location of the exhibit. Use the arrow keys on 
your keyboard to navigate your avatar through the exhibit and be sure to 
press play on both the audio and video buttons located on the lower right 
of your Second Life client."

Complexity and change at SL site:

http://www.alansondheim.org/ sll series


Studies:

http://www.alansondheim.org/slarch01.mp4 (regimes)

http://www.alansondheim.org/slarch02.mp4 (self-occlusions)

http://www.alansondheim.org/slarch03.mp4 (tiled twitching)

http://www.alansondheim.org/slarch04.mp4 (render regimes)


Father and Daughter portraits (Joanna Sondheim Alan Sondheim)

http://www.alansondheim.org/fatheranddaughter2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/fatheranddaughter3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/fatheranddaughter4.jpg


Soundwork with tamburitza basprim 4-course brac:

http://www.alansondheim.org/basprim1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/basprim2.mp3


Parters


Convoluted intersecting configurations with tangled occluded textures 
and broken figures. Nikuko-avatar of convoluted intersecting skeins 
tangling occluded sheave-skins towards indecipherment of 3-space 1-time, 
skein-flesh, spew-tissue. Performance no longer insists on coherent body 
or work-body, skin no longer joins skin, cloth is absent substance. This 
is called 'getting there.' Solipsis and Indra come to mind. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ parters jpg series

PARTERS free social messaging utility for staying connected in 
real-time.
real-time.
epa_snia.html k true supercomputing news and information focused on
emerging hpc applications in  science, engineering, financial
modeling, virtual reality, databases and other ...
weft parters. document type and number:. united states patent
.  inventors:. payne, oscar v. publication date:. //
true dec ,  nortel and southeast european
communications and investments to establish a joint  venture.
ters&source=web&ots=friktut&sig=reqphgdjqzgxrzwayeud-qco&hl=en
false porters trekking guides and parters corry out
different rales- a guide will  know the trails, speak english,
arrange accommodation and supervise porters, ...
enangpp.pdf true mar ,  u.s. dot next generation --.
project: a national framework. and deployment plan.  briefing for
nena ng. partner program ...
k true joomla - the dynamic portal engine and content management
motorcycle wreckers and dismantlers - internet resources.
silent parters lyrics by laura branigan,
and  more laura branigan lyrics.
k true sun healthcare group partnered with new orleans area habitat
for humanity to  build homes for low-income families in new
orleans. parters 
register your domain
(*) .com
( ) .net
( ) .ca
( ) .org
( ) .info
( ) .biz
[but_off.jpg]-submit
communicate with your customers
using our new html newsletter tool!
email accounts with up to gb of storage! sync your email to your
phone!
share your contacts and calendars with others!
click here to learn more
be your own host! perfect for web developers! automatically bill your
customers!
exiting via interrupt: 


twenty-eight characteristics of god


01 god does not breathe nor does god have any necessity to breathe
02 god runs on pure internal energy and needs no energy source
03 god is always organized and coherent and cannot be disorganized
04 god can will to breathe or need energy or organize or disorganize
05 god does not feel thirst or hunger or sexual desire or arousal
06 god does not feel anything but may will to feel anything
07 god is neither recipient nor originator of any communication
08 god neither demands reciprocity nor engages in dialog
09 god may will to receive or give or engage
10 god neither speaks nor hears and neither sees or shows
11 god does not think but may will to think or speak or see
12 god has no location on any grid of space or time
13 there is no segment or boundary of god
14 there are no parameters and defining characteristics of god
15 god may will to contract or expand any where and when
16 god may will to will
17 god has no necessity to divide or coalesce
18 god may will to divide or coalesce 
19 god has no movement and no beginning and ending
20 god is unthinkable but may will to be thinkable
21 god is that object which is subject and that subject which is object
22 god is plagiarism
23 god may will to originate and may will to move and end
24 for god all languages and words and thoughts are jumble
25 god may will to comprehend all languages and words
26 god may will to see all and touch all and hear all and taste all
27 god may will not to will and may will never to will again
28 god does not run on anything


http://www.alansondheim.org/ ragged jpgs most recent
