

building out of control. fabrication prims rotate at equivalent speed, 
vectors mapping [0,1] -> [a,b,c] fulfilling the usual set-theoretical 
positioning. to complete the requisite number of transformations, 
[-1,0,1] was used as well.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ merci series
http://www.alansondheim.org/merci1.mp4

- the latter again brings up bandwidth and compression issues, but you'll 
get the 'idea' if you haven't been to the site itself: 

try accessing the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22






Trails


I can see if someone has come into the exhibition space in Second Life; 
they leave a trail behind them, objects and spews that slowly disappear - 
in the meantime, the space is oddly denuded.

I want to explain why the space looks like an acid trip, why it's so 
crowded, so preposterous. And the reason has to do with anti-art, or 
non-art, making something that construes an environment instead of 
presenting an object or installation for contemplation. The objects in the 
SL exhibition have depth; they're not pieces or scatter pieces or process 
work - they're environment, an environmental space close to useless, 
replete, fecund. What appears to be actions are trajectories, complex 
interactive fields that mimic sentience.

Objects and spews head toward the depths; Julu is down there among them, 
moving in and out of the way, looking for the teleport sphere to return 
her to the surface. The teleport sphere is a phallic object, contained, 
curtailed; it is the only sculpture in the neighborhood.

http://www.alansondheim.org/inthepit.mp4

Think of the space, spacings, as an ensemble of interrelated ecological 
niches; there are local customs, nestings, vectors, behaviors and behavior 
collisions. The space is utterly transformed through participatory move-
ment that environmental resonates. 

It's only this way that complex and alien phenomenologies assert them- 
selves - there's no piece or artwork presenting one or another problema- 
tic, only a skein or membrane simultaneously tending towards thought and 
its absence.





Yamantaka


http://www.alansondheim.org/ yamantaka series - yam jpgs, yamantak.mp4

Compression's terrible. Emptiness lasts thirty seconds, up from twenty; 
I'm not sure how many meters define the zone of influence. The stills 
indicate the layout. This is a plateau of sorts. There's nothing beyond 
this, only another direction. In the full video, Julu touches the sphere, 
heads beneath the water. There she searches, finds another sphere, rises 
once again to the surface or ground floor of the exhibition. What's in the 
basement is debris from movement, i.e. debris tracking Julu's movement on 
the surface or beneath the surface. What's above is the absence of debris 
tracking Julu's movement on the surface or beneath the surface. There's no 
way to adequately compress the enormous detail involved in the exhibition. 
You can move or fly through the exhibition, experience emptiness, clarity, 
in untoward terms. You can forget the terms. You can do all sorts of 
things but you can do better than this.



Weather, whether


From above you might or might not have weather,  you might or might not
stay with the local environment as the Linden gods hand it down - always
benign, never too much wind, no rain or snow or sleet or hail, nothing
to set your mind anywhere but at ease. No air, textured clouds, mostly
cumulus I think, and I think two banks of them. Fog, yes, and a day 
might cycle through 7-8 hours, I never counted. But you can set eternal
time, you can set it at midnight, at dawn or dusk, at midday. You might
move the sun around, you might set fog heights or intensities, all in
eternal space where avatars live forever, but disappear, and who is to 
know whether any disappearance is sad and final and prims forever lost.
There's no fear but from the servers, as invisible as the furies, and
there are no shadows but from the sun and thin light from a moon that
seems full always, but who is to know this as well, or any thing within
a space that seems controlled and dire; you might float or fly, but 
your world is bounded, inescapable, even with small holes of video, 
live or otherwise, small holes of sound,  live or otherwise. Nothing is
going to come out and touch you, not now, and soon in the future, when
the hand reaches from the screen, who knows what force or thing or 
organism is driving it, who knows what intention lies behind it, what
danger lurks. We live in ignorance within and without, and that only
for that short time beyond which an utter inconceivable blankness 
reigns. You can control lights, but local lights rarely make shadows,
and even that, everything, depends on bandwidth and bandwidth settings,
on frames and frame-rates, on complexity of prims and texture sizes, on
the number of participants online at any moment - all sorts of things 
you might well study and examine, viewing the stats bars, coming on 
later and later at night as others disappear elsewhere, without a 
murmur and only the slightest increase of speed. You know you're riding
on the dead, on silent computers, on all those lives logged off now and
then or permanently, and who is to know, who is to know, who is to know.

ii. If this transmission is not dev/nul and void, it will reach you. If
it does not reach you, I write under a differend configured by the Net
and its political economy. If I protest on the occasion of fog, you 
will not hear me. If you are my enemy and have passed on, you may have
died, you may be elsewhere, you may be off the grid, you may be on 
another. If you are my enemy, your silence unnerves me; if you are my
friend, your presence is an unknown sign, just as absence can be of any
thing or any one, and zero may carry 0*X, insofar as X is finite, and
regular, normative, and then who knows?

In the fog of Second Life, preferences also govern distance - what can
or cannot be seen out there - what constitutes the Pale. Enter the 
Pale and familiarity twists and perhaps disappears; go far enough, and
you may be grieving for another home, griefing among aliens. Within
your space, however, you are comforted, surrounded by familiar objects,
you may have constructed these objects, they are history for you, they
refuse decay, they may escape out of world, but are always there as if
gleaming and presenced, and shininess is something else again that may
or may not be turned out, permitted, just as in the real world where
sun and shininess are everywhere presencing. But here it is not the
local light, at least not in my version; in my version my home is on
an island and there are hills and clouds, and what's beyond, Heere 
bee Dragonnes, is unknown, as I have been saying, and perhaps even
unaccountable and unaccounted-for. I inhabit a great and jagged sphere
and move comfortably, and in the distance there is that smoothness,
that fog that is always present, always there, day or night, that fog
against which all things comfortable and local are measured, my home
in the midst of the fog, my neighbors, my friends ...

http://www.alansondheim.org/ fog series, 8 small jpgs

To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22



Alone


Julu: I'm trying to tell you something, my gums
bleed, corrode, just like any others, in this stillness air,
in this absent air.
Nikuko: Wind blowing through you, around you, we
wait for those moments when sound will penetrate
bodies, resonate with dim and elder woods, 
make noise and even music, among us, to our delight.
Julu: In these dark woods, lights are pasted
across our sheave-skin bodies, blinding us;
through pure absence, nothing happens, codes are processed,
roil within the distant machines, at times no further
than the kindly things at home.
Nikuko: Speculating beyond your means, but yet my powers
have grown into astonishing beliefs. I can move things
I no longer can caress; the real flees from me, I am left 
distraught, along in spaces emptied of abstract surfaces. 
Julu: At a distance, we touch, and no longer no closer;
our loneliness lies in our uselessness for approach, caress,
and love. We meld into each other sometimes bridged across
these spaces, leaving trails and vestiges of garnered
presence - notes across chasms, worlds tuned across voids
where we, alien and aligned, despair of ever talking.
Nikuko: Yet born of one another, borne among each other,
our love continues to build, tune and emulate, and emulate
again, until nothing of original remains, only physics
born of inconceivable signs 'raised to an incandescent power.'
Julu: What is cleared, of space and time, is always replete;
what is replete is always alone; our things are never
in-themselves, but among-others; our monads slur their
boundaries helplessly, we are at the mercy of things and gods,
machines far beyond control.
Nikuko: Our love is always memory, that is our love.
Julu: Our flights, our poise, our wandering ways.
Nikuko: Prayerful life is useless, only our deaths entwined
will save us. -

http://www.alansondheim.org/ tuning jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/acidtantra.mp4



a mental railroad trip, mirage, yabyum


Hysteria. A functional neurosis with abnormal sensations, emotions, or 
paroxysms. H. major, hysteroepilepsy. H. minor, a mild form of the 
disease.

Hysteric. Pertaining to hysteria. H. Ataxia, a hysteric state marked 
by loss of sensation in the skin and in the leg muscles. H. Chorea,
a form of hysteria with choreiform movements.

Hystericoneuralgia. Like neuralgia but of hysteric origin.

Hysterics. A paroxysm of hysteria.

Hysteroepilepsy. Hysteria with epileptiform convulsions.

Hysterogenic. Causing hysteria.

Hysteroid. Resembling hysteria.

Hysteromania. Nymphomania.

Hysteropsychosis. Mental disorder with uterine disease.

Hysterotraumatism. Hysteric symptoms due to traumatism.

Railway Kidney. An affection of the kidney due to constant jar.
R. Spine. See Erichsen's Disease.

Erichsen's Disease. Railway spine; railway brain. A train of symptoms 
following accident, which may assume the form of traumatic hysteria, 
neurasthenia, hypochondriasis, or melancholia. 

Erotic. Pertaining to sexual passion.

Eroticism. Tendency to erotomania.

Erotomania. Insanity from sexual passion.

Erotopathy, Erotopathia. Perverted sexual instinct.

Perversion. The state of being turned away from the normal course. 
P., Sexual, a person abnormality of the sexual instinct.

Pervert. One who has turned from the right way. P., Sexual, a
person whose sexual instincts are perverted.

from Gould's Pocket Pronouncing Medical Dictionary, 1900 edition

http://www.alansondheim.org/ mirage jpgs

Sometimes the software/physics of Second Life produces anomalies, chimera; 
such is the case of the mirage, of one or another video stream, that 
appears with subdued intensity in the surrounding sea. The stream is often 
not that of the land parcel (which presents another) and equally often 
runs when no video is turned on at all. These ghostlike apparitions are 
avatars of avatars, emanations close to hypnagogic images, an imaginary, 
all those unnerving wraiths of the uncanny. Against the scintillation of 
the tantric sky, they come close to yabyum, closer still.


tantric space


To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


You set your worl to You set your worl
 to ays or nights
 to 
ays or nights
ays or nights

 soun make waywar make waywar
 make waywar shows
 shows

 shows
Light an
eo grins the worls the worl
s the worls to halt
s to halt

s to halt
Vi
It's just a momentary banwiIt's just a momentary ban
with fault
wi
th fault
th fault

y spews an  
 rains
rains

rains
As if your bo
isappear like frightene her her
 hers
s

s
Prims 
Come forwar get your tantric Come forwar
 get your tantric ue
 get your tantric 
ue
ue

Cum forwar set your frantic Cum forwar
 set your frantic ew
 set your frantic 
ew
ew

Present for your harenePresent for your har
ene pleasure
ene
 pleasure
 pleasure

Leave all this empty worl behinLeave all this empty worl
 behin
 behin


 place an leave your min leave your min
 leave your min


Tantric eyes are everywhere
Avatar legions come and stare
Slowly spaces turn up cleared
It's what objects have always feared
Open holes often leered
leads cross other places
When you go leave your traces
Your sight is buried in sites
You set world to days or nights
Objects murmur with fearful glows
Light sound make wayward shows
Across the floors their numbers legion
Crossing another region
Video grinds worlds halt
just a momentary bandwidth fault
touch ball below
again return flow
As if body spews drains
Against boundaries where it rains
The smoke spells out uncanny words
Prims disappear like frightened herds
Come forward get tantric due
Cum frantic dew
What see hardly leisure
Present for hardened pleasure
Leave all this empty behind
time place mind
worl  ays soun waywar an
eo grins worls s Vi
banwiIt's ban
wi
th y bo
isappear frightene her hersforwar ueewharenePresent har
ene behinLeave behinmin 


Tantric eyes are everywhere
Avatar legions come and stare
Slowly spaces turn up cleared
It's what objects have always feared
Open holes are often leered
Open leads cross other places
When you go you leave your traces
Your sight is buried in other sites
You set your world to days or nights
Objects murmur with fearful glows
Light and sound make wayward shows
Across the floors their numbers legion
Crossing to another region
Video grinds the worlds to halt
It's just a momentary bandwidth fault
You touch your ball and go below
You touch again return and flow
As if your body spews and drains
Against the boundaries where it rains
The smoke spells out uncanny words
Prims disappear like frightened herds
Come forward get your tantric due
Cum forward set your frantic dew
What you see is hardly leisure
Present for your hardened pleasure
Leave all this empty world behind
Leave time and place and leave your mind


How to move through the exhibition space at Odyssey fun


This presumes you have downloaded the software, which installs itself 
automatically; after that, use the URL below and then read on.

If you go to http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 to view the 
Odyssey exhibition, try tuning the interface; it works best if you set the 
time at midnight through the Environment Settings in the World directory 
of the menu. If you use the environmental editor, you can set the 
atmosphere/image at Pirate and increase the mist. If you use ctl-alt-t, 
you can see invisible objects (perhaps). If you begin the video, and it 
ends as you move through the space, start it again; there is different 
video in different parts of the space, and the same goes for the audio - 
except for the 12 small invisible audio cubes. If it's running slow, open 
the menu, go to Edit/Preferences/Graphics and lower the Quality and 
Performance. You may also check Custom, then check Atmospheric Shaders. 
When you enter the space, try flying through objects; they will move 
out of the way for the most part, for between 10 and 30 seconds. Fly and 
turn around and you'll see you've cleared a space. If you see a sphere, 
you may touch it with a left-hand mouse click; a sphere above takes you 
below, and vice versa. The spheres don't move out of the way. If you walk 
through the space, try going between the stairs into the water below, or 
fall through the well, or go over the wall bounding the island. You may 
not be able to take your avatar there; click on View and then on Camera 
Controls; you'll see a small panel open. The controls on the right slide 
your viewpoint left or right, up or down; the middle slides it in or out, 
and the left turns it about various axes. You can use this to look beneath 
the surface of the water where the avatar won't go, or to slide into the 
space in order to see the objects without having them disappear in the 
presence of the avatar. You can zoom in on the objects or enter into the 
particle streams and watch them fill the screen with objects and color. 
You can go through the floorboards with the Camera Control and see the 
objects that have disappeared from the surface. If you go to the right of 
the building wall, you'll notice dark figures disappearing on occasion 
into the distance - these are avatar emanations from the objects and 
appear every once in the while, perhaps 10 to 20 seconds themselves. You 
may sit on some of the objects by right-clicking the mouse button on them, 
then clicking on Sit Here - sometimes it's possible, and sometimes not. 
You may be able to sit on a moving object which gives you a local ride. If 
you type 'm' or use the menu, you may active the Mouselook function which 
allows you to see the world 'through' the avatar's eyes, and this is fine 
for a ride or exploration. You don't have access to Camera Control in 
Mouselook. With some moving objects, you may be able to go beneath them 
when they rise; they might push you down through the floor to the water 
below, where you will use the sphere to return. You may also be cast into 
the air or find yourself tripping or you may find yourself pushed out of 
the way. If other people, avatars, are in the space, you may talk and chat 
with them; if you rise above the space, you can watch them as objects 
disappear in their vicinity, and space is cleared for them and for your 
view from above. You may want to look for a moment at the site at dawn or 
dusk, which adds lovely reds or pinks, and you can activate these through 
the Environment editor as well; midday is the least interesting. If you 
want to take a digital image or photograph of the scene, you can use the 
Snapshot function at the bottom of the screen, or Take Snapshot, 
ctl-shift-s, under the File menu; the advantage of the latter is that you 
can tune the direction your avatar is looking by moving the panel around 
on the screen before taking the shot. You may use ctl-r to run through the 
space, which takes objects out faster. You may find it difficult to enter 
or leave the space - there are invisible barriers built into the gamespace 
itself, and it is easiest to enter to the right of the announcement sign; 
if you have difficulty navigating you can always fly into the space and 
then walk around or continue flying. If you have the talk function enabled 
on the lower right of your screen, and a microphone, you can talk to other 
avatars or make noise, and if you have speakers you can of course listen 
to other avatars talking as well. Chances are you will be alone or with 
one or two people at a time in the environment, but this allows you to 
explore the objects fully without having them disappear as the result of 
other avatars' movements. Below are some images from the current state of 
the installation, which is at a kind of 'plateau,' and won't change for 
the next few days.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ filled jpegs



MORRO

http://www.alansondheim.org/ morro series

Language:
First name 	Last name 	Password 	 
			
Start Location: Enable sound:
Grid:
Background - island in the sunset
L$0
Odyssey (36, 2, 23) - Odyssey_ExhibitA_Gallery_zone1
 	Chat	 
 	Contacts	 
 	Map	 
 	Search	 
 	Nearby Avatars	 
 	Inventory	 
 	Stats	 
 	Music	 
 	Media	 
 	Log out	 
Instant Messages
 
Local chat
[23:24] You: testing one two three
[23:25] You: testing three four five
[23:27] You: MORRO, Edward R: The extraordinary interview with the built 
environment.
[23:27] You: http://www.alansondheim.org/ morro series
[23:28] You: You say, in black and white? A little easier on the 
compression. But I do recommend in particular the other, perhaps MORRO1 or 
some such?
[23:28] You: JULU: the teetering world.
[23:29] You: NIKUKO: tottering
[23:29] You: I most strongly advise the mapping of this environment.
[23:29] You: You: JULU: Mapping is always an advisory.
[23:30] You: Time struggles in exhaustion. Humidity is 45%.
[23:31] You: In which the walls have a life live performance of their own.
[23:32] You: NIKUKO: There's no need for YOU here. Only the witness. 
Solzhenitsyn died today. I loved him until the Slavophilia. Then from 
Tolstoi to Dostoevsky not such a big leap. Or perhaps D. from the very 
beginning.
[23:33] You: JULU: There's no Gulag here. Or if there were, it might now 
be America.
[23:35] You: NIKUKO: That's nonsense. Don't bring nonsense into this.
[23:35] You: JULU: It wasn't me. It wasn't me.
[23:36] You: You: Change the subject, quickly...
[23:36] You shout: THE TEETERING WORLD! THE TEETERING WORLD!
[23:36] You whisper: ... they leave, they left, they are leaving ...
 	Say	 
 	Whisper	 
 	Shout	 
 
Search
People
 
Nearby Avatars
 
Contacts
Online	Offline	Groups

Stats
Region
FPS	45
Time Dilation	1
Script IPS	15970
Objects	9549
Active Scripts	1820
Agents	3
Child Agents	0
AjaxLife Server
Sessions	8
 
Region:

Position:
 	Teleport	 
 	Focus on you	 
 	Clear	 
 	Focus on target	 
 	Go Home	 
 

more of the different

http://www.alansondheim.org  bj mp3s

tenor banjo & only because I can. running out of time here in West Virg- 
inia, where the house we're renting guarantees a bit of quiet; otherwise I 
wouldn't be able to think through the music, the music wd not be thinkable 
if unrecorded in the presence of noise, elsewhere and in this case would 
be obtrusive, resonance requiring a place or presence of development, an 
expansion as in a dream where you might find yourself confined and then 
elsewhere, out of doors, plein air, the fecundity of the world narrowed, 
harrowed, back to that very confinement in the denial of it.

she thought otherwise, he thought the other wise; the pun led to plot. 
what was it but four strings harboring sound, resonance creeping around 
the room and its corners. what was it, she said, what was that noise.



Weight


http://www.alansondheim.org/ cu series

anomalies of recognition between weighted object and Julu Twine
s/he buries hir head in the sand
s/he recovers and that complicates matters of representation

http://www.alansondheim.org/incident.mp4

the weighted object has pushed Julu Twine down into the sand
she is standing in and out of the sand and the ground deconstructs
by which Julu means that the ground is opened and oddly angled
and that the ground is not at gamespace's edge

Second Life as a lab - continues to be a lab. how long before this 
set of constraints, images, geographies, bandwidths and game engine, 
becomes stale, bulky, close to collapse. I will close my eyes, says 
Julu, and the same things reign near & far, surely there is more to 
life than this, signifiers of defuge handed down by their creator 
Linden Labs and whatever whomever the associates. I will close my 
eyes and will hear nothing more. Nikuko says, I hear nothing more. 
chorus, that our space is tawdry in eptitude and plenitude, close to 
the starved prim, all sheave-skins are alike, equivalent. chorus, it 
takes few rules to deceive the eye and its rule, few rules for sight 
and sound. Julu, I will continue to dwell, this defuge itself is 
sufficient, this disgust, this paste. for if it were not for this, 
what might emerge is (would be within) the range and reign of the 
digital, now here is something different, this paste, exhaustion, 
limitation. chorus, the rings no long sound their particle home. 
Nikuko, the rings have absented, where are they, what fecundity has 
driven them away, elsewhere. Julu, not elsewhere but absent-in- 
depth, that is to say a mode not working stillborn, that is to say 
the scripting has returned to dead language, that is to say nothing 
to perform here in these parts. chorus, that is to say already 
performed or sounded, sighted, rendered useless by a constant. Julu, 
the constant of the game. Nikuko, the constant of Linden Labs, 
nothing that is arbitrary or sloughed off. Julu, nothing skimmed or 
spewed. Nikuko, nothing that derides-derails the protocol. Julu, 
code-coding performance. chorus, who knows what we will do. Nikuko, 
in response. Julu, in response. chorus, but within, not without. 
chorus but within the sloughed, circumscribed the slough. Nikuko, 
but in response. Julu, but in response.

>  To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
>  http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


insane, connected


[21:08]  Connected
[21:08]  You: oh now you tell me twenty-one o-eight
[21:08]  You: and still that, there's no room left here, you can feel me 
  typing, you
[21:09]  You: can hear me, does this ever change, a minute is minute just 
  as a second
[21:09]  You: comes second or last, o-nine, it's given all of us room to 
  breathe, there's reason
[21:09]  You: to stress insane, some other neon sign
[21:10]  You: finally the rings have made it back into arena. Julu 
  shudders, stops if she could (if I tell
[21:11]  You: her to) o-ten, time's narrow wasp-like waist. Julu shudders, 
  one after another, ghosts leave
[21:11]  You: eleven or one-one, you have a choice here, it's take yet 
  another minute, and a second
[21:11]  You: longer. This magic bounces me back and forth, I touch your 
  ball full
[21:12]  You: of penises rotating, who knows what salve or cream flows 
  from every surface. I, Julu, am covered
[21:12]  You: with it, twelve, or one-two, you must watch
[21:12]  You: what you're doing, thirteen, one-three.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ insane jpg series

Please access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist at
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


My not inconsiderable sins in Second Life


I have overburdened the servers with far too many video and image 
textures.
I have added too many prim scripts to too many objects.
I have required far to complex screen redrawings time and time again.
I have taken apart the building where the exhibition is held.
I have revolved the panels of the building eternally and they may jump 
as well from place to place.
I have dissolved the boundaries of the building and opened it to every
aspect of the environment.
I have sent particles onto foreign soil or the soil of other parcels.
I have created problematic images to texture both prims and particles.
I have clotted the environment with particles and immoderate prims.
I have created circulations among particles and prims that threaten to
subvert the intentions of other artists or cultural workers anywhere in
the vicinity.
I have made it difficult to enter or leave the exhibition.
I have made it quite possible to trap the viewer beneath the floor of
the exhibition until a gateway sphere is round.
I have coated gateway spheres and other objects from time to time with
obscene or sexual imagery.
I have created a false sense of tantric enlightenment by the comple- 
tion and generation stages of gods unknown to me.
I have betrayed the trust of those who fly and those who walk or run
into the complex of the exhibition space.
I have made the organized disorganized and the countable uncountable 
and unaccounted-for.
I have created a sense of disequilibrium and non-equilibrium thermo- 
dynamics in a space known for the excellence of its organization and 
propriety of its codes and protocols.
I have brought a sense of miasma and sleaziness into the perfection of
parameter and prim.
I have opened the exhibition space to the effects and influences of
places and spaces outside the structure proper and opened places and
spaces outside the structure to the effects and influences of the
exhibition space.
I have blurred the distinction between internal and external.
I have created an environment close to that considered griefing along
with grieving and griefing avatars that seem self-contained and
somewhat intimidating to those unfamiliar with the operations and 
customs of Second Life.
I have placed far too much information in far too small a space and 
time making it impossible to grasp or digest the subtleties of the
exhibition which most likely will be overlooked.
I have taxed administrators and programmers alike in the daily reorg- 
anization and reconfiguration of the space.
I have returned objects and avatars to other spaces.
I have sent objects out of world and some of them have never been
returned.
I have created and reveled in a mess where others might want at least
a modicum of order in order to comprehend the mass aesthetics that
seems to constitute a very problematic work.
I have overlaid the whole with far too much theory.
I have thought too much and have left little space for spontaneous
creation with the exception of the tunings and retunings that constan- 
tly occur.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ vid jpg series


Something of the women but for shorter


http://www.alansondheim.org/ revert jpg series
http://www.alansondheim.org/revert.mp4

Still, something new. This was to revert the building. Instead movement 
toned down. Here transpires something -

[19:09]  Julu Twine: Here's something very strange. I was able to change
the women/avatars shooting out, placing them at a shorter distance.
[19:09]  i have littel time also
[19:09]  Julu Twine: Unless it's within art.
[19:09]  lol!
[19:10]  yes
[19:10]  everything in context
[19:10]  Julu Twine: But what's strange - after I eliminated the scripts,
the women remained! I had my assistant Gary - software engineer grad
student - he couldn't figure it out!
[19:10]  ok, don't swaqet it
[19:10]  sweat
[19:10]  Julu Twine: So instead of taking out the women, we put them on
just about everything with a short span!
[19:10]  we'll figure it out
[19:11]  Julu Twine: I'm not - I'm just fascinated by these software
glitches. I tried everything, emptying cache, using other parts of the
area, etc. Nothing changed!

So it did and didn't revert. But it hiccuped periodically and rotated 
somewhat simultaneously or at least equivalently. And the women appear 
although not for very long.



Ideal Unaccountable Space


http://www.alansondheim.org/ skysphere jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/skysphere1.mp4

IDEAL: Black anomalous SPACE. The light SOURCE is EITHER interior GLOW, 
defined by the OBJECTS THEMSELVES, or external ATMOSPHERIC LIGHT from SUN 
or MOON. Or NONE OF THESE. The SPACE is SELF-DEFINING, apparently BOUND- 
LESS, within which INORDINATE OBJECTS define themselves. GRAVITY has been 
SET to CONTROL two WITHIN such; these are CONTRARY to the MEANS and WAYS 
of LITTORAL REVOLUTION. 

This isn't anything that could be done outside of Second Life, and giving 
an experience otherwise than being.

- for Frank Lloyd Wright 



Hi Sugar, an open letter which is also a text or poetics -


This is the fallingsky series, which occurs in the skysphere; it needs the 
base exhibition space to make any sense, I think. There are several 
elements in it, including physical objects which collide and may in fact 
go out of world, leave the lifespace altogether. That's fine with me; it's 
always possible to replenish them. There are other objects that rotate, 
and objects that both rotate and shuttle; these are a form of creative 
impulse. At small volume, shuttle turns to shudder, frisson, as if there 
were an organism within that adjusts itself homeostatically every decade 
of seconds or so. The organisms - those with weight, those which rotate, 
those which shuttle, interpenetrate and interact with one another; nothing 
is produced but the semblance of community, which for all intents and 
purposes _is_ community. Another element is a small rotating lozenge which 
generates the usual rings; these are small textures sufficiently light to 
run on most machines with everything else going. Here, the element clearly 
shuttles in a rectangular pattern which is reproduced as a lineage; this 
is evident in the shuttled rectangles strung out along the ring-beads 
which of course are particles in constant but relatively even movement. 
All of these objects and spews, and murmurs of movement, deconstruct the 
machine, any such, reconstructing organism out of the remnants, or at 
least the dream or miasma of organism. It fascinates me that the show here 
in the skysphere has to be constantly tended, to keep the objects within.

The sexuality of these objects is one of apparent infinite or wrapped 
pattern - a sexuality which transverses fields which are self-defining; in 
other words the transversing is both field and transversal, transgression 
and ingression. Thus the textures, mouths, lozenges, against an infinite 
blackness that wraps upon itself with the thinnest of shells.

Here, within the skysphere, I find I can work with almost total freedom, 
without restraint from gravity - unless desired - and other artifacts 
coding and reminiscent of the real/physical world both within virtual and 
physical space, what I call the true real. So just as my stay at West 
Virginia is coming to an end, so the space has become the most fully 
developed I'm capable of at the moment. Since I have, I think, several 
months of residency left (three?), I can use this arena or space as a 
crucible for viewing and re/viewing phenomenological issues of objects and 
their potential inconceivability. Don't forget that even ordinary objects 
won't last very long in the grand scheme of things - a scheme in which 
plasma, not hardened material substances - is the dis/order of the day. 
For me, _every_ object is inconceivable, both intrinsically and 
extrinsically, and this crucible, skysphere, gives me the opportunity to 
explore these issues - particularly as the entrance to the sphere should 
be through the already existing Odyssey exhibition space proper. Just as 
there are teleport spheres sending one down into the water and/or out 
again, so there should be teleport spheres sending one up as if 
indefinitely into the skysphere. The semiotics of the skysphere are set 
out in the exhibition, which can be read as a moving and perhaps virulent 
book; this coding basis, appearing as a self-generating field of part- 
objects, then infuses the demateriality of the skysphere. The skysphere 
itself is non-text, and its contents non-textual; there are residues and 
residences of the uncanny and abject present, as well as negation, 
homeostasis, and intermittency.

(Beginning of problematic claim.) All of this above isn't about Second 
Life itself, although manifestations like the skysphere would be different 
elsewhere. It's also not about Linden Labs, current server costs, 
bandwidth issues, game computers and the like; these will change and the 
political economy of the Net will continue to transform (if not disappear 
altogether). Right or wrong, I think of this work as concerned with the 
phenomenology of the virtual, and the inhering of the virtual in the 
physical world. This inhering has existed since dreams, gestures, 
languagings, tools, customs, have existed - in other words, since culture 
has existed, and one can easily make a case that culture has existed all 
the way down; even amoeba demonstrate learning and adaptation. The 
phenomenology of the virtual is about our very being, our inhabiting, of 
ourselves, others, worlds, signs, totalities and their ruptures. It's 
interesting to think of _this_ virtual world at this time as a practical 
laboratory for philosophical work, but I claim that it is, and that this 
and other spaces create unique opportunities for participant-observation 
in epistemological, ontological, and other issues, often considered 
off-limits to concrete experimental investigaton. (End of problematic 
claim.)

Please let me know how to activate a teleport sphere to these regions; is 
a flight bracelet required or desired? And let's do an announcement to 
open it up to a public, if possible. In the meantime, there's always the 
fallingsky jpg series, as well as a very short video segment indicating 
blackness and blurred potential.

http://www.alansondheim.org/fallingsky.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ fallingsky jpg series




Inside the Sphere, description and theory


Several molecular engines within the aegis of the sphere; out of world 
anomalous behavior seems to have slowed. I'm running Second Life on my 
Asus eeepc 701; contrary to what I've read, the installation went in 
flawlessly and SL runs reasonably well in the Debian Etch environment. I 
made a few minor changes, placing the cache on an external flash card for 
example; the SL client wouldn't run from the card, but the cache is fine. 
To make up for the 512 meg memory, I increased the cache to 600 meg and 
turned media off. Everything runs, albeit slowly; the image is clear 
enough to allow some house-cleaning on the road.

Inside the sphere, since it's self-contained - an 'environment' seems to 
form, one that appears self-bounded. In other words, there is always 
inscription; if it's not inherent in a given virtual world, it's going to 
be created as soon as one begins to configure anything. An object carries
structure; even anomalous or ghostly spews or objects create an uncanny 
domain (appear to tap an uncanny domain). 

In other words, inside the sphere, you don't see the sphere, flat black 
against nothing. So the objects are there, but you don't necessarily think 
they're _somewhere._ Where they are is circumscribed by their presence. 
They seem to be a closed manifold. There doesn't seem to be anything 
beyond them. The manifold seems differentiable. The ring streams, though, 
seem to go somewhere; they're vectors, directed line segments; they seem 
cut off; they disappear; perhaps there's something to that disappearance, 
after all. One moves around and among objects and rings and whatever one 
might consider particles and objects, but it's difficult to move around 
here without breaking the fragility of the illusion, what might be 
considered a second-order illusion. 

What's presenced within the sphere, a simulacrum of an organism, simultan- 
eously passive and generating; the repetition of a rectangle defined only 
as a process (again, a second-order process within the processes/protocols 
of Second Life itself), moving and disappearing, clearly the result of an 
other movement drawing and drawn in three- dimensional space; a signal or 
memory of a signal: A memory of a signal is a signal; a signal is always 
memory. How clear that is in the sphere! How clearly understood!

And such is the meaning-memory of organism and the murmuring of organism, 
even in a digital-granular domain such as this one.

http://www.alansondheim.org sleee, esl, essl series (most recent jpgs)

To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22

Teleport from the cone to the skysphere.


anomalies in skysphere/groundspace transportation


so many anomalies with relative, not absolute, coordinates, Nikuko 
disappearing in an impossible ocean, Julu walking slowly and dream-
like (unknown causes), the great throbbing skysphere with numerous
teleport possibilities: who knows where one ends up?

http://www.alansondheim.org/ skyteleport jpg series
http://www.alansondheim.org/ teleport jpg series

http://www.alansondheim.org/ocean.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/oceans2.mp4


To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22

(short vacation coming up, we're returning to NY, but please do check
out the Odyssey exhibition, both above (skysphere), within (groundspace), 
and below (waterworld), teleports among them all.)



of death and dealing


preparatory moves, logging in through the cache. this is the background of 
gamespace memory; in 3 and 1 for example you can see the fundamental prims 
on the way to full load. the full grey is on the way to skysphere. resolu- 
tion is lower but higher than you might imagine; one can sacrifice speed 
and framerate for resolution.

this is the reverse processing of worlds after death, as full a represent-
ation as one might want of bardo, which is unrepresentable. one emerges 
out of nothing, returns to it through a world always already emptied and 
empty.

http://www.alansondheim.org/Snapshot_001.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Snapshot_002.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Snapshot_003.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Snapshot_004.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Snapshot_005.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/ falter jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/ twirl jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/twirl.mp4 overview

more anomalies of vision and internal cycles


To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


there are no dealings with death


death


there are no dealings with death
death doesn't deal with you
you don't see the hands of death
death doesn't show its cards

death shows its cards to the living
sometimes they weep and wail
the casket doesn't exist
ashes and body don't exist

death's cards are never stacked
there is no stacking the cards
there are no cards of death
there's no dealing with the living

there's no understanding the living
they walk around and talk
they stutter stumble shudder
the other stops them

the other is their body
the other is their death's body
death doesn't exist
the other doesn't either



julu murmured hello
julu, no, she 
nikuko muttered i couldn't care less
but not murmured. something else, closer to muttering, friendlier.
not whispering, nothing like that.
but not i couldn't care less. something else, closer to disdain,
but not quite. a return that veered into the unknown. but polite,
polite conversation, not exactly a rejoinder. nikuko muttering,
i thought so, or i thought you knew. an implication, knowing:
more than that, more than you'd let on. but not that exactly.
julu, murmuring - hello.
nikuko, muttering - it could only get worse.
or it will only get worse. but what, a morning, afternoon, or
evening. or somewhere else, perhaps it will turn elsewhere,
against the odds. as if julu garbled. perhaps these two fine
people. but it falls off, these weren't the volleys or returns.
these weren't anything at all. 'all memories are memories of
annihilation.' that's it, for what could be remember if there
were no end to it, packaging, however brief and quickening. 
nikuko, muttering: there's an end to an end, call it memory.
julu, murmuring: i remember now, hello again.


To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22



exile


i can't believe where it's gotten me again. this exile, this denudation, 
this exhaustion which seeps through me like the Caucasus. burned, i would 
do no less than refuse the laws of gravity, gravitas, hopeful instead that 
one might finally fly elsewhere, elsewhen.
whatever the case was, it wasn't mine. there was an explosive within, 
expulsion of air, breath gone awry. this was remonstrance
 imminent: nothing 
lasts where the only sense of origin is rooted in the body, your body, 
inherent in it, inhering. place it in the mouth or eyes, place it in the 
cunt. you can't leave without magic, there are no signposts, nothing, 
nowhere to go. not when you're a planet yourself, among self and selves.
honor the dead is no honor at all, you are in the breathless realm, beings 
depend on you. 

you have to follow the realm of the dead, travel beneath the surface, 
hurtle into the skysphere, which more often than not may reject you, try 
and again until you're there. what is flat back recreates your Origin 
within you; fecundity has no presence. see how poor these video remnants 
are; travel yourself with yourself, your Origin, and see exactly that, 
process and operators, self-generations, completions and then some

http://www.alansondheim.org/exile.mp4
To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


startcone response Newyrok


http://www.alansondheim.org/startcone.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ startcone jpgs

Script started on Sat Aug 16 10:52:06 2008
$ ytalk sondheim@panix.com
[1;19r
[?7h
[H