"Teetering on the Edge of the Void"

Directories:

bvh  cave  isis  "life"  mocap  print3d  secondlife  empyre

KEYWORDS:

Anguish
Terror
Absolute
Mocap
Analog Abject
Social media - empyre retardation
Virtual worlds
Gamespace of Virtual worlds: edge of gamespace (SWOLL)
Woundatar

Current work on Empyre email list
For me, this ties into issues of pain and wounding, in relation
 to fast-forward social media processing.
And this ties further into issues of human representation in
 the real and the virtual.

For empyre - ISIS, Absolute Terror, Performance -

The world seems to be descending into chaos of a qualitatively 
different dis/order, one characterized by terror, massacre, 
absolutism. Things are increasingly out of control, and this 
chaos is a kind of ground-work itself - nothing beyond a 
scorched earth policy, but more of the same. What might be a 
cultural or artistic response to this? How does one deal with 
this psychologically, when every day brings new horrors? Even 
traditional analyses seem to dissolve in the absolute terror 
that seems to be daily increasing.

We are moderating a month-long investigation on Empyre into the 
dilemma this dis/order poses. We will ask a variety of people to 
be discussants in what, hopefully, will be a very open 
conversation. The debate will invite the empyre community to a 
deep and uncomfortable analysis of abject violence, pain, 
performance, and ideology [taking further the October 2012 
debate on Pain, Suffering, and Death in the Virtual], looking at 
the ambivalences of terror, incomprehensible emotions, and our 
own complicity in the production of 'common sense' around 
terror.

We are all facing the anguish of 
political situations that seem out of control. We are interested 
in topics such as, How does one deal with anguish personally? 
How can anguish be expressed culturally? Can such expressions 
make a difference at all? We have all read political analyses of 
the causes of this descent; here, we're interested in the 
cultural and personal responses to it.


ISIS, Absolute Terror, Performance


Lyric poetry begins, not end, with Auschwitz; the very violence 
and terror produced by slaughter places the statement under 
erasure. But lyric, poetics, poesis, are among other things 
subversions of language, the recognition of a linguistic weight 
that bypasses the syntactic, caresses the abject. So that one 
might drive poetics through the force of terrified flesh, one 
might find language springing there, just as unutterable pain 
may be surrounded by the cacophony of elegy and mourning.

Lyric poetry begins with nothing; poetics scrapes away at 
lateral fluency, undercuts the corporate, only to die in the 
advertising slogan. But Auschwitz is a borderland of time, where 
end and annihilation are imminent, imminant, and I keep think of 
this in relation to absolute terror, wailing postulations 
against the wall that also disappear. Absolute terror, the 
performative of beheadings, genocides, and crucifixions, signs 
the performative of the end-time itself. It is not a question of 
the inerrancy of the text leading the torturers on; it's the 
errancy of any text in the face of decapitation; every world is 
ultimately unutterable.

It's the unutterability of the world that founds anguish, that 
tears momentarily at the soul and body under erasure. It this 
which I've been wrestling with for years, only momentarily 
handed off to ISIS and this and other geopolitics. How does one 
live within the knowledge of annihilation? How does one produce 
within such, in response to such? What is the conceivable 
meaning of such production? Is meaning itself obliterated to 
such an extent that even suicide becomes a useless act?

What of anguish? What of 
inconceivable torture? What of a planet tending wildly towards 
overpopulation, extinctions, local wars, starvations, all 
producing despair, breakdown, anomie? In other words - how does 
one sleep at night?

Logic of Universal Terror

[for all]X (not X --> 0)
Therefore not X is taken to 0 (null set)
Therefore not X is always already processed to 0
Therefore not X is equivalent to 0
Therefore not x is identical to 0
Therefore X --> V (universal set)
Therefore X is always already processed to V
Therefore X is equivalent to V
Therefore X is identical to V


X doesn't equal not-X. The world divides and hardens between X 
and not-X; it's a classical division so that the intersection of 
X and not-X is the null set. What I'm trying to present is the 
idea of an expulsion and an annihilation of what's expelled. 

EXPANSION BY FORCE AND TERROR

FORCE = TERROR
WORD = NOTHING

Facing, what -

If we face evil, comprehend it, examine it, watch those videos,
does that reduce us to catatonia? Does that empower us to act? 
Does it reduce us to fear and trembling, to terror?

It's not enough to say, this is the way the world has always 
been; the world, now, is not as it has always been.

Or is it enough to insist on the long lens, reach, of history, 
to insist that the past itself will teach us, that we can learn 
from it's - our - "mistakes"?

Another approach - this has nothing to do with us; this is the 
work of a miniscule number of people; this is the work of the 
made, the depraved, criminals; this is the work of the lost; of 
the disenfranchised; of this or that group. But is this not also 
our group, isn't there, yet, the shade of Adolf Eichmann, the 
normalcy of evil? Then what is this?

Or this is for or against or the result of, neoliberalism - but 
this has always been with us, this resides within us, this 
defines us, at least a part of us.

Or that this is the result of social media, of technologies 
that spread everything everywhere, this is the result of the 
disseminated messenger. But social media, oral histories, 
ballads, newspapers, tablets, rumor, gossip, languagings, have 
also always been with us.

Or that ethology plays a role, sociobiology, that this is part 
of our primate heritage, that we may or may not overcome. Yes, 
and then what?

At the heart of all of this - absolute violence and anguish,
textual and oral inerrancies, symbolic acts and always 
totalization, the violence inherent in language and its 
recoding of histories.

At the heart of _all_ of this, death, and the erasure of death.

