


1. Who am I? New media artist who works with virtual worlds, electronic 
literature, and musical improvisation. I'm particularly interested in the 
relationship of the digital "clean screen" and issues of abjection - 
dirtiness, wounding, ecstasy, and distortions, of avatars and real flesh. 
In other words, what lies beneath the surface.

2. I've used motion capture as a way of creating images, 3d printed 
objects, virtual world avatars and performances, and live choreographies - 
by distorting the mocap "chain" which goes from live performer to computer 
file to an avatar representation based on that file. (Illustrate hand 
gestures)

3. The chain can be altered in several ways: 

a. by remapping motion capture nodes across the body.

b. by remapping mocap nodes across several bodies.
commodius.mp4 mocaps.mov 322harness.mp4 (w/still)

c. by reworking the mocap software itself so that it uses dynamic or 
behavioral filters that transform the avatar representation by 
transforming the files as they are collected. (Illustrate hand gestures) 
(Example)

d. by moving the performers out to the edge of the game-space itself - 
edge_6.avi - move cursor to relevant portion

4. The results can be:

distorted avatar movements in video: WolfTC.mov sports.mov noOne.mov

live performances in Second Life and mixed reality media (Example) 
anything in the SL folder

3d printed objects: 3d stills folder

choreographies with Foofwa d'Imobilite: duetavatargrange involuntary

5. Why?

How to confound the digital with the abject - with issues of pain, 
wounding, death, ecstasy.

How to dis-embed the embedded news media - in other words, how to reveal 
the deaths of soldiers and civilians around the world, in spite of or 
through digital media. Of course avatars can't do that, but they can 
resonate with the slaughter that occurs in the real - rather than 
constantly resonating with the virtual slaughter that occurs in video 
games. Get rid of the radical disconnect.


Visual data representation - empathetic identifications - the mocap work
social experimentation - four dancers into one avatar for example
psychological experimentation - "reading" the modified avatar -
 identified as human or organism?
 identified as wounded or dancing?

Difference between unutterable pain and its (external) representation, and 
utterable programming of its (external, at a double remove) 
representation.

1. Text > behavioral filtering, dynamic mocap.
 - WVU transformation and dynamic/behavioral filtering
 - Chicago four dancers into one: the avatar as social organism

2. Images of:
 pain, disfigurement, torture, ecstasy, death
 - in the virtual > Poser, Blender, Second Life, Open Sim
 - in the real > unutterable pain, dance -
  - return of structure to the real

Showing:

1. Mocap video from Chicago and West Virginia
2. Images directly produced from Mocap
3. Images modified and inserted into Second Life
4. Movements taken from Second Life back into the real


I'm interested in human representation within the virtual; this implies 
both an image and a dynamics, the two of course entangled.

1. We recorded one or more performers, using remappings of modes, 
including some with 'impossible' topologies, in terms of human movement; 
and

2. We recorded, through a rewriting of the motion capture software itself, 
through what I've called 'dynamic filtering,' transforming standard motion 
capture files on the fly, through the insertion of filters between the 
input data and the outputted files. These filters parallel the use of 
filters in Gimp or Photoshop [explain].

Endproducts - the altered motion capture files were fed into three worlds:

1. The Blender 3d modeling program, where abstract avatars were used to 
examine how behavior appears when it's abstracted from the body;

2. The Poser mannequin modeling program, where the motion capture files 
were used to 'break' the mannequin bodies, as well create any number of 
videos; and

3. Works in Second Life and OpenSim virtual worlds which involved highly 
distorted avatar performances and dances; these were used for live or 
mixed reality performance, some augmented reality work, some video work 
for conferences, gallery or museum installations, and some pieces made for 
live or online choreographies. The ultimate goals of the virtual worlds 
work were - what happens when the body is considered completely plastic; 
what images of pain, death, wounding, or sexuality are conjured up by 
distorted bodies; when does the body become a 'thing' among other things 
in the world; what are the politics and anthropology of distorted avatars 
and movements - if any.

Three years ago, Patrick Lichty enabled me to use the highly sophisticated 
motion capture equipment at Columbia College, Chicago; here, we didn't 
modify any software (we had neither the expertise nor permissions!); 
instead, we worked closely with remapping the body in relation to the 
30-40 markers that were placed on the body suits. This is where everything 
becomes interesting, I think, since we were able to map up to four 
dancers/performers into a single avatar output. It was difficult to do 
this because the software tended to stop working and 'glitch' the avatar 
into a somewhat inert Buddhist image when it could no longer make sense of 
the input. But we were able to create complex movements, and one technique 
stood out - the 'hive' technique or social avatar 2.0.

The usual mappings we did involved a single performer with the body nodes 
remapped on him or her. So there was a topology involved; the hip was 
usually the stable or root node. In West Virginia, we started using two 
performers; this is what can happen: [demo the torsion/twist]. When I was 
in Chicago, I was able to work with four performers, two on trapezes, all 
choreographed into a single avatar - and all capable of watching the 
results of their movement on a screen. So we tried:

1. Moving the avatar in utterly untoward ways, so that the result was a 
limping or broken avatar; and

2. Moving the avatar in utterly normal ways, which meant distorted 
movements on the part of the live performers. This was fascinating since 
it resonated back to the performers, who themselves were twisted in their 
movement. It was amazing choreography, created to 'normalize' the 
equipment output.

Foofwa and returning the avatar movements to 'real' life. [examples, 
explanation.] The 'smearing' of divides between real and virtual, each 
borrowing from, and resonating with, the other.

[Examples]

Note that with all of this, there are no programming errors, only other 
avenues, glitches, to be explored. So the aesthetics and phenomenology of 
glitch are important here as well. In virtual worlds and with motion 
capture, there are in particular 'edge' glitches - within and without 
gamespace boundaries - that define, in a sense, _all_ the possibilities of 
the avatar, _all_ the possibilities of escape and normalcy...

The imaginaries I work with - virtual worlds; 3d modeling; 3d printing; 
very low frequency (VLF) radio; scanner and shortwave radio; augmented 
reality; playing music; codework (an entangled amalgam of code, writing, 
and computer 'debris'; even birding, which requires abstractions ranging 
from migration routes to morphs.

Finally, the idea that the virtual has always been with us, that the body 
is always already inscribed, that culture goes all the way down, that 
inscription and the digital are entangled amalgams as well, and that 
abjection underlies everything, as well as pain, suffering, and death, all 
part of it.

