

fewe olde immagees ofe Julue Twinee

olde Julue Twinee ise s/hee
roilinge skywarde mmerrilye
remmemmbere hire, fore s/hee ise faire
s/hee testes thee physicse ofe thee aire

ane olde boxe cammerae tooke thesee thinges
ande mmadee themme somethinge newe
suche mmarblee skine ande onyxe ringes
fromme earthe dooe quitee ensuee

doe notee thee absente glovee and frocke
ande trousere ine thee skye
Julue doe dancee arounde thee clocke
thee ringes arounde hire flye

thee mmermmaide downe withine thee seae
swimme downe ande upe ise noughte soe freee

http://www.alansondheim.org/comma1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/comma2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/comma3.jpg


newe 2. fewe olde immagees ofe Julue Twinee

2. olde Julue Twinee ise s/hee
2. roilinge skywarde mmerrilye
2. remmemmbere hire, fore s/hee ise faire
2. s/hee testes thee physicse ofe thee aire

2. ane olde boxe cammerae tooke thesee thinges
2. ande mmadee themme somethinge newe
2. suche mmarblee skine ande onyxe ringes
2. fromme earthe dooe quitee ensuee

2. doe notee thee absente glovee and frocke
2. ande trousere ine thee skye
2. Julue doe dancee arounde thee clocke
2. thee ringes arounde hire flye

2. thee mmermmaide downe withine thee seae
2. swimme downe ande upe ise noughte soe freee

2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma4.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma5.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma6.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma7.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma8.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma9.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma10.jpg
2. http://www.alansondheim.org/comma11.jpg

3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh1.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh2.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh3.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh4.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh5.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh6.jpg
3. http://www.alansondheim.org/swoosh7.jpg



Second Life Installation Phenomenology


The Second Life show at http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 
continues to change; since it's complex and interactive, it makes sense 
for you to visit it. The images and videos I put up almost daily can 
present one or another new (static or dynamic) topographic feature, but 
only in an isolated and framed configuration; one doesn't get a sense of 
the roil or negotiated pathways of the spaces which are always under 
construction.

At one point symmetries dominated, as well as moire patterns related to 
early cinema; at another, flat black areas created a problematic of depth 
that remained unresolved. At times a machine-structure (gears, wheels, 
cams) appeared out of partial assemblages; at best, these were metaphors, 
doing nothing in the virtual or the real. In the exhibition, objects tend 
to ignore one another unless given physical weight; few objects have that, 
since those that do tend to tumble out of the exhibition, 'out of world,' 
ending up in lost-and-found inventories.

Now the symmetries have corroded by 'foreign' non-repetitive textures that 
indicate movement trajectories (it's easy to follow the movement of a flat 
black square for example) and block moire effects. It's as if the symmet- 
rical properties of objects and assemblages are falling apart. Almost 
every object moves vertically; some are aligned, some are harmonic, some 
appear independent. It's easy to fall vertically at this point, from sky 
objects to the exhibition hall surface, and from ground surface to the 
underwater environment beneath the hall. Teleport labels may or may not 
take you somewhere; you might end up where you started or even more en- 
tangled on a different level. The environment as a whole appears as shaky 
as the economy, and there's a parallel with bandwidth and prim quantity 
issues. I build and don't know who sees what; I find my own computers 
locked up on occasion.

At this point I want to start radically modifying the installation; again 
I urge you to visit while it retains a semblance of its current state. As 
objects are given weight, they'll fall and reorganize the surface; they 
may well pile up without falling out of world, at least temporarily; they 
may provide new surfaces and cavities to negotiate. It's almost impossible 
to document the dynamics of this; things fall too fast for cameras to 
follow.

When I sleep at night, spaces open up; I'm torn and brought close to death 
in nightmare after nightmare, some of which are set in apparently real 
environments that slough off into the virtual. A train begins here, the 
tracks connect there, leading to dilapidated and jumbled architecture. Or 
arousal which disseminates in the midst of prims sharp enough to slice 
through site and sound. From Dhananjaya: "'Rasa is that which is made 
enjoyable by the behaviour of the characters that gives enjoyment because 
the object of the drama is not to enjoy the behaviour of the characters 
since that belongs to the past.' (Otherwise, says the author, the specta- 
tor might as well himself fall into love with the heroine." And again: 
"The spectators enjoy at the site of characters like Arjuna and others 
what they themselves feel inside just as children enjoy, playing with clay 
elephants, the fervour that is within themselves." (From Adya Rangacharya, 
Drama in Sanskrit Literature, Bombay, Popular Prakashan, 1968.) Enjoyment 
is not enjoyment in the sense of pleasure, but inhabiting a diegetic cons- 
tructed through a series of coded interfaces. In the Second Life instal- 
lation, the strange remains strange, but one learns to negotiate complex 
trajectories among levels, prims, sounds, spaces, worlds; soon rasa 
(flavor among other meanings) emerges as one's eyes are one's avatar's 
eyes and one becomes comfortable with hir body. There are no identifica- 
tions in the Second Life show, only corners, plateaus, and circulations 
that permit discourse, that one might conceivably inhabit. All of these 
spaces, like capital, are rickety; Second Life is governed by exchange, 
not use value and things constantly threaten to fall apart. The only 
certainty is an absence of breakage and death; what is attached for the 
most part remains attached, no matter how far it falls, no matter how 
sharp and difficult, impossible, the landing. Death in Second Life is 
never death, but literally a passing-away; an avatar disappears more or 
less permanently and one might assume that something has occurred in real 
life parallel to this - illness or death or disinterest or bankruptcy - 
one never knows.

The spaces in exhibition are malleable, not liquid, not liquid architec- 
ture so much as capable of distortion and linkage at a distance: things 
may well move in synchronization, even over a fairly large distance, as if 
Bell's theorem suddenly appeared in the large and abstract. When the space 
- the normative space of Second Life - fills up, it transforms the avatar 
within it. Boundaries are no longer fixed or even apparent. I imagine a 
Kristevan chora, part-objects and pre-linguistics driving the show, as if 
the birth of language were imminent and immanent. The birth never occurs; 
the chora remains at the state of the laugh or scream or orgasm or even 
free-fall. One is stripped down, and the images, such as they are, textur- 
ing the prims are often sexualized - penises, breasts, rings, faces in 
pain or ecstasy, posed mannequins of fossilized desire and dance. One 
senses an alien choreography behind everything, the world inverted in 
Plato's cave from virtual shadows to the watching and participating body 
on the damp floor. The alien is ourselves of course and the aliens are our 
self, chora to chiasm.

Rasa is the taste of this, the taste or flavor of the enlightened audience 
which means the knowledgeable audience, who have already migrated past the 
strangeness of the exhibition towards an inhering organic that passes for 
flesh and tissue. I think of the space as avatar body, as avatar hirself, 
as chora, as womb, as phallus, as adverb. I think of rocketing through the 
space as the dissipation of vectors without origin and destination; one 
lands in the midst of circulation and circles hirself.

But all of this takes time on the part of the visitor, as does the reading 
of signs, even the writing and writhing of signs in sky and water and 
within the earth itself. One has to enter the space, ascend and descend, 
allow oneself to be caught up in the multiplicity of worlds, even the 
smoke of catastrophe and catastrophic industrialization, the destruction 
of families, speech and phenomena which are always already in a state of 
withdrawal. The world comes and goes without saying; we pass away as it 
passes by, and even a minute after our death we no longer hear a voice, 
see the sun, read the next day's market.



beginnings of transformation - object given weights - it falls and whirls


beginning of transformations - objects given weight - they fall and whirl 
- disappear off world - as if blown by invisible winds - furious they fall 
- they're returned to the inventory -

- who does that within and without the world -

- the Nikuko avatar Alan Dojoji is transformed - completely reconfigured
through an alternation of the particle field - you must look at these - 
they are beautiful beyond belief - the video gives an indication - again 
these invisible winds - spirits - sprites - gathering of unseen forces - 
you know they're there for you - languorous - nourishing - and then -

http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/offworld5.jpg



Big Dance/Climb video from Interrupt Festival -


Performance by Daniel Byers and Foofwa d'Imobilite in Providence, RI, 
video by Alan Sondheim and Azure Carter. Climb, Daniel Byers, parcours, 
Robert Kim, dance/choreography, Foofwa d'Imobilite, memory of avatars, 
Alan Sondheim. The vertical span is about 40 meters high. Do check this 
video out! Compression's fairly high but it's beautiful anyway. -

http://www.alansondheim.org/climbs.mp4


Dedicated to the Ones I Love: 3 video/performances from Brown University 
Interrupt Festival

From 'The Thunder -- Perfect Intellect':

[...]
For, it is I who am acquaintance: and lack of acquaintance.
It is I who am reticence: and frankness.
I am shameless: I am ashamed.
I am strong: and I am afraid.
It is I who am war: and peace.
[...]
It is I who am peace:
And because of me war has broken out:
And  a an alien: and a citizen.
I am riches: and she who has no riches.
Those who exist because of my sexual intercourse are 
unacquainted with me:
And it is those who reside in my wealth that are 
acquainted with me.
Those who are nigh unto me have not recognized me:
And it is those who are far away from me that have 
recognized me.
On the day that I am nigh [unto you, you] are far
away [from me]:
[And] on the day that I [am far] from you, [I am
nigh unto] you.
[...]
It is [I] who am restraint: and unrestraint.
It is I who am joining: and dissolution.
It is I who am persistence:
And it is I who am weakening.
It is I who am descent:
And it is to me that people ascend.
It is I who am condemnation: and pardon.
As for me, I am free from sin:
And the root of sin derives from me.
[...]
I am mute and cannot speak:
And great is the multitude of my speaking.
[...]

(from Bentley Layton, The Gnostic Scriptures)

Julu Twine inhabits me: and does not inhabit me.

Foofwa d'Imobilite, dance/perform, Alan Sondheim, chromatic harp.
http://www.alansondheim.org/columharp.mp4

Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure Carter, performance/dance, Alan Sondheim 
channeling Julu Twine inspiration, Daniel Byers, camera
http://www.alansondheim.org/rifollow.mp4

Foofwa d'Imobilite, dance/perform, Alan Sondheim, Second Life,
Azure Carter, voice: section of LIVE PERFORMANCE at Interrupt,
Brown University
http://www.alansondheim.org/interrupt.mp4

And if you haven't seen it:
http://www.alansondheim.org/climbs.mp4 (this has been recompressed)



Sex and missile, details and mistakes


People say I should document the installation, oh but how? Now a sexand- 
missile component has been added for example above the granite well in the 
courtyard, best documented from within the well, looking up into the night 
sky perhaps, but this component is miniscule, hardly present, a detail in 
chaos which grows day and night.

Now perhaps to document would be to remove the entire installation and 
store? Perhaps it would be to list the details of every file and script, 
from texture to repetitive avatar motion. Worlds are always already 
stillborn; they fall apart when examined and it's impossible to examine 
them in the first place, that's called death.

So here is a detail which is flattened, the same way that levels are flat- 
tened; time is now bound to it, bound to the file or to the clock driving 
the re/presentation of the file. The file is released by virtue of history 
- in other words, the history of the (absent) camera and its (previous) 
movements; there's nothing to guarantee the linearity of the original / 
originary time, which might well have been suppled, however coalesced into 
the machinic equivalence of frames in the final construction.

One might then think of this as the memory of a non-existent documenta- 
tion, therefore the stand-in or doubling of a documentation which was at 
first full, fecund, replete, liquid and malleable. And you might find the 
documentation, at least at the moment, this moment, within the thing 
itself, the installation still current, the sexandmissile for example 
waiting for your presence to explore in three, if not four, dimensions, 
what has clearly been laid out, so recently.

http://www.alansondheim.org/sexandmissile.mp4

Second instance, third mistake (for it is all in error, what has been set 
in stone or file) from a particular vantage point, this looping which 
curls over the screen, in fact might be considered an efflorescence of the 
imaginary.

http://www.alansondheim.org/loopy.mov

And third instance, third mistake, when something appears by chance (by 
chance from the viewpoint of the subject) in-camera, some anomaly or 
instant, captured by the built-in camera (not screen capture; controls and 
cursor are eliminated) - as if these details were there for the taking, 
not the result of chaotic happenstance.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ blue jpgs

All this documentation over nothing.

( Slurl http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 )






description of the world in a few sentences


one wheel cuts through the thread of objects connected by the viewer as if 
they were material of a single line; well they are of course, coordinates 
among coordinates, connectivity on some remote level within database and 
processes. the wheel doesn't rotate, the line is not a line, the movement 
is not movement, the material is not material, the objects aren't objects 
- the epistemology meets the ontology on the singularity of protocol or 
code, collapses within the database. databases do nothing; there are no 
processes, no dynamics, only decay. there are no databases; there is for 
the moment organized substance. connectivities travel through the same but 
there is no travel, no connectivities, only quantities transformed into 
quantities; the clock that governs does not govern, is not a clock; the 
clock that governs is outside time. the clock is invisible to the data- 
base, invisible to the objects; the phenomenology and dynamics of time are 
invisible to the database; there is no time; there is ordering; there is 
no ordering; there is database-substance, singularity smeared within and 
without the hinge of epistemology and ontology. let us say within and 
without the database, epistemology is the subject and ontology the object 
and let us say that the hinge is the memory or uncanny remnant of this or 
any other operation. we can approach the truth in this manner from outside 
consideration; there is no approach, no truth, no we involved in what can 
only be considered complicity in crime, and that is what remains after 
possible worlds and natural kinds are exhausted, nothing in this instance 
and there is no nothing, only the virtual.

http://www.alansondheim.org/threading.mov




Some Events in New York City in 1902


January 1 Sister Belerica of St. Joseph's Home (Dominion) in Astoria, 
charged with cruelly beating 7-year-old Frances Gahl.

January 8 Collision in the tunnel of the Grand Central, in Manhattan, in 
the morning, results in death of 40 persons, and injuries to 40.

January 27 Dynamite in the Rapid Transit tunnel at Park av. and 41st st. 
Manhattan, exploded, killing five men and damaging houses for blocks 
around.

January 29 Heaviest snow fall of 1902 commenced.

February 8 The Shadbolt wagon factory at Flushing av. and Cumberland st. 
destroyed by fire. - An unknown man buried in the ruins; many badly 
injured; loss $300,000.

February 15 An early morning fire destroyed wood yard of Henry Hanson at 
foot of 25th st. Brooklyn, causing $16,000 damage.

February 19 Greenpoint trolley car set on fire by explosion of controller.

February 20. Fire broke out in the workshops, etc., of the Brooklyn Rapid 
Transit Co. and damage $100,000.

February 21 A tank exploded in Emil Calman & Co's varnish works at West 
av. and Fourth st., causing a fire and damage of $50,000.

February 22 At daybreak the city is found covered with masses of ice; 
wires down; trees damaged. - Early morning fires destroy the Seventy-first 
Regiment Armory and the Park Av. Hotel, Manhattan.

February 27 Prospect Park paths and driveways flooded by overflowing of 
the lake caused by thaw.

March 6 All trolley lines tied up at the foot of Broadway, Brooklyn, in 
consequence of the grounding of wires which burned till 10 P. M.

March 16 American Manufacturing Co.'s plant, Greenpoint, damaged by fire. 
$50,000.

March 17 Eagle Box Company's plant, occupying one block on Eagle st., 
Greenpoint, partially destroyed. Loss, $15000. - Hudson River Navigation 
reopens. - About 8 P. M. fire broke out on board steamer British Queen at 
the Phoenix line pier Hoboken, and spread too the pier; loss, $1,000,000.

March 22 Early morning fire on Norton line steamship Bucrania, Atlantic 
Dock, causes damage of $50,000.

March 30 The Quebec Co.'s steamship Pretoria, fire having broken out in 
forward hold, returns to port.

April 15 Explosion in the subway of the Telephone Co. at DeKalb and Grand 
avs., tore up subway for a distance of 20 feet.

April 18 Early morning fire destroys the Bradley plant of the National 
Lead Works co., 160-174 Front st., Brooklyn; loss, $200,000.

April 26 Fire destroys the buildings of the Union Course Chemical Works on 
Atlantic and Spediker avs.; loss $25,000.

May 2 Arbor day duty observed - Fire destroys factory and building of the 
Wm. H Post sash and blind factory on Norman av.; loss $50,000. - The 
submarine torpedo boat Fulton, in tow of the Storm King, returns from her 
luckless trial trip to Delaware breakwater.

May 5 Buffalo Bill in town with his Wild West Show.

May 15 Whole block on Coney Island av., between Vanderbilt and Seeley 
sts., Windsor Terrace, wiped out by fire; damage $30,000.

May 15 Fire destroys Philip Ruxton's Ink factory, 21 and 33 South Fifth 
st.; damage, $100,000.- Yacht Aileen crashes into Staten Island ferryboat 
Middletown, killing J. C. Atterbury.

May 21 Ferryboat Jersey City smashes ferry bridge at Desbrosses st.; 
several persons injured. - Freeborn G. Smith's piano factory at Raymond 
and Willoughby sts., Bklyn, burned down: loss $100,000.

May 24 Another Kosher meat riot in Brownsville. 1,500 men, women and 
children defy the police, capture a meat dealer and mob the police after 
he is rescued.

May 26 The Iron Pier fell at Rockaway Beach, under weight of 800 
excursionists, but no one severely injured.

May 28. Early morning fire destroys the big candy factory of James J. 
Matchett. & Co., in Brooklyn; loss $200,000.

June 1 An early morning fire starts in Kosten's hotel, Rockaway Beach, and 
spreading rapidly, destroys twenty buildings; four persons burned to 
death; damage about $100,000.

June 17 Nechet's dye works, Long Island City, destroyed by fire.

June 23 American Tartar Co.,s factory, 567-569 Smith st., Brooklyn, 
destroyed by a early morning fire; loss $100,000.

July 2 A. I. Latimer fatally shot in his home, 318 Hancock st., by a 
person unknown, about 2 A. M.

July 18 Fire destroyed the Sonoma Wine and Brandy Co.'s 7 story building 
on Hamilton av., Bklyn; loss $40,000.

June 23 Mutilated body of Guiseppe Catania found at Bay Ridge tied up in a 
potato sack; arrest of Vincenza Trico on suspicion.

June 25 Fire destroys electrical machinery factory at 24 to 27 West st.; 
loss $1,000,000.

June 28 A Bath Beach and 5th Av. train collide on Adams st. elevated 
structure and two score people injured. - Astoria Dye Works fired by 
lightning and totally destroyed.

June 30 Riot at funeral of Rabbi Jacob Joseph in Manhattan.

August 11 Fire broke out early in the morning in the New York Bank 
Building, and damaged it $50,000.

August 13 Tug Jacob Kuper blew up in the bay, near St. George, Staten 
Island, killing Acting Capt. Harry Johnson and three of crew, injuring 
four others.

August 19 Fire broke out about 8:30 A. M. in the lower part 35 Essex st., 
Manhattan, resulting in the death of two women and three children; 
injuries to several others and the destruction of the building.

August 27 Steamships Peconic and Liguria collide outside the Narrows.

August 30 Lighter Bessie ad side-wheel steamer Saugerties collide in North 
River off Seventieth st. Man., the latter having her port bow stove in.

August 31 A four-story coffee storage building, 44 Fulton st., Brooklyn, 
collapses; loss $90,000.

September 7 The water main at High Bridge broke and deluged the roadway.

September 21 Burning fuse set fire to an open trolley car near bridge 
entrance, Four persons injured and others had their clothes burned.

September 27 Murder of James B. Craft of Glen Cove in a Tenderloin 
restaurant at 38 West Twenty-ninth st., Manhattan, discovered through the 
odor of burning flesh, the head of the mutilated body having been put in 
the furnace. Thomas Tobin arrested.

September 30 About 4 P. M. the big steel draw bridge recently built by the 
Brooklyn Heights Railroad Co. over Coney Island Creek suddenly sank to 
bottom of the creek.

October 3 A three-alarm fire at Pratt Oil Works, North 13th st., at 12:53 
A. M.

October 12 The old ship Jersey, in which several hundred American 
prisoners were murdered by the British over a century ago, discovered 
under 12 feet of rubbish and mud at the Brooklyn Navy Yard.

October 18 An early morning fire destroys the chocolate and cocoa mills of 
Atkin & Co., 44 to 48 Spencer st.; damage $75,000.

October 21 Franklin Chemical Works, Franklin st., Brooklyn, destroyed by 
fire at midnight.

October 22 The Singer Building, 8 Prince st., Manhattan, collapses, 
carrying down and injuring 15 workmen.

October 25 An explosion of dynamite in the subway excavation at Park av. 
and 41st st., Manhattan, in the forenoon, throws vast fragments of rock 
into the air and severely injures several persons.

November 8 Fire in the cellar of the New York Times Building, during which 
John Daly and Wm. McCormack, in trying to save the mailing lists, were 
overcome and suffocated to death.

November 9 Repair shops of the lighterage department of the Standard Oil 
Co., in Long Island City, totally destroyed by fire; damage $75,000.

November 10 Fire on new Manhattan bridge (No. 2) damaged structure 
$50,000.

November 11 Explosion of gas in the cellar of 121 Avenue C, Manhattan, 
injures forty persons.

November 12 Blind Negro preacher, W. F. Johnson, former manager of the 
Howard Colored Orphan Asylum, offers to the city his $6,000 house to save 
his family name; offer accepted.

November 15 Cedarmere, the former residence of Wm. Cullen Bryant, at 
Roslyn, partially destroyed by fire.

November 24 Residence of Paul E. DeFere, 686 St. Marks pl., entered while 
the family were downstairs, and robbed of $1,500 worth.

November 25 Coney Island Beach badly damaged by storm.

November 29 Supt. Wm. F. Johnson, blind supt. of the Howard Colored Orphan 
Asylum, and two of the Board of Managers facing charges of grant and petty 
larceny. - Police raid Forresters Hall at 19th st. and 4th av., Brooklyn, 
on information that it was a pool room; patrons go free, but telegraph 
operator is captured.

November 30 The old Newtown Creek drawbridge at Vernon av., about 8 A. M., 
was struck by British ship Boledieu.

December 1 Pro-Cathedral fair opened by Bishop McDonnell, in the new 
church building, on Jay st. - Big storm hits New York while crowds are 
without winter fuel; all work along the water front abandoned.

December 9 Coldest Dec. 9 in 25 years; 8 deg. above zero; fuel famine 
desperate; piteous appeals to charitable societies that cannot be 
answered; many car lines tied up.

December 12 John N. Partridge, Police Commissioner, resigns his office to 
take effect Jan. 1 1903 - All elevated trains blocked by ice on the third 
rail.

(Account ends here. From The Brooklyn Daily Eagle Almanac for 1903.)



I long for the comfort of a universe don't you see, where death is recom- 
pense & kindly & of the sort that a kind machine might produce, one of a 
maternal clothing that might cover a travesty of pain. In my installation 
I make a machine which is uncountable and facing faces whose eyes guide a 
one towards a web of comfort, and where pulsing life seems kindly too and 
held in high regard. When you visit my installation, you visit me, and 
have a good time of it because I am not there in control of mind or body 
or direction and you can leave when you want and I will not know of that
or will know only later after you are gone and I will have a trace, that
email letter that comes nightly at 3 am eastern time, announcing the stat- 
istics for the day, including who was present on my land which is borrowed 
land, who was unique and new, who was old and fraught with my presence 
including myself repeatedly and Julu Twine and Alan Dojoji. That letter 
which I fondly wait for! will whisper to me a defining presence that makes 
of comfort something beautiful in your visitation. 

I long for a universe of defining moments that cradle me in their warmth 
and love so that I will never die and will see what animals and plants do 
emerge on this planet and how this planet circles and circles for ever so 
long and how I will never fear death again and will always be curious and 
very quiet, I will promise I will be very quiet, I will live in the home 
of silence, I will live in the house of whispers, & there will be many 
murmurs & I will be among them, there is so much to see and so much to 
hear in this world of wonder, in this ecstatic world. Julu Twine will come 
and join me in many ways, and Travis too and Kathy and Nikuko and Paul and 
someday Azure will come and Richard will join me. & we will live freely 
among them.

O universe of so many worlds, you moving so very fast, I need time, so
many defining moments, soft walls and boundaries of beauty and love, you 
can almost hear words among them, you will see true worlds and you will 
see time & it will not be frightening & will not bear the stench of death 
and slaughter & will come embracing


Date: Wed, 29 Oct 2008 01:04:40 -0400 (EDT)

The Alan Sondheim Mail Archive


(given the quantity of my work, this is wonderful I think. I am full of myself. 
Decklin Foster set this up and the site is lean and works really well. - Alan)

This is an archive of works sent by Alan Sondheim to various mailing
lists. You can read the most recent messages below, or browse by year:

1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008

There is also an Atom feed. If you notice any broken links, please contact
Decklin Foster, who runs this site. Decklin Foster <decklin@red-bean.com>

http://sondheim.rupamsunyata.org/

