=


Notations towards Intimacy ( presented by the avatar Alan Dojoji in Second
Life )


I'm interested in the relationship between consciousness and formal systems.

Our relationship to formal systems is related to how we make sense of the
world. To make sense of the world we have to consider our bodies, our
selves. It's clear for example that a 'healthy body' sees the world
differently than a sick one. And that a depressed mind senses a different
world than, say, an optimist would. We're further driven by desires; even
the development or discovery of a formal system is dependent upon our
wanting to develop or discover such. Desires are like icebergs - their
ostensible content might be the peak above the sea, but beneath the surface
lies darker matter, abject matter.

And it seems to me that working with avatars, which can be as much a
projection of our 'selving' as our own bodies - both work with images,
projections and introjections - both work with visual perception to a great
extent, locating ourselves visually in a world and both work with forgetting
- that is forgetting the body - when I speak in a conversation I'm ignoring
my own hmmm... way of arranging my limbs, etc.; I'm "just talking" and
listening So that occurs in and across these realms - our relationship to
formal systems is related to how we make sense of the world. We use systems,
gestural systems, autonomic systems, conscious and preconscious systems,
etc., to make sense of things; if we can't make sense, we begin to feel
stress, anxiety and this can further lead to one or another form of
collapse, perhaps catatonia.

To make sense of the world we have to consider our bodies, our selves. It's
clear for example that a 'healthy body' sees the world differently than a
sick one.

This is important - most philosophy or thinking of any sort presupposes a
healthy body however that's defined, which may be very different from one
culture to another and may not in fact 'record' or describe the world well
at all For example, that a depressed mind senses a different world than,
say, an optimist would. In fact one might argue that depression is a "truer"
way of seeing the world than a more rational 'surface' one We're further
driven by desires; even the development or discovery of a formal system is
dependent upon our wanting to develop or discover such. Desire seems to
underpin everything, and of course 'desire' itself is a word up for grabs It
seems to have components of abjection, sexuality, instinct, survival skills
etc.

I keep hearing the term but not much of a deep description or phenomen-
ology. Desires are like icebergs - their ostensible content might be the
peak above the sea, but beneath the surface lies darker matter, abject
matter. By "abject" I mean matter that is partly of us, constituted by us,
and partly debris - This is where the noise or dirt of the world is
described. It's this matter that I'm interested in, the abject or obscenity
that makes us human, even beyond the guise or presentation of language. In
some senses language is a surface phenomenon. In some senses what lies
beneath is the "true world" within the guise of the civil, or the guise of
etiquette or the guise of protocol

Even online, shape-riding on this level is very different than someone
hacking the machine at a lower level. Where things are being bent in secret,
hidden, one can almost say that's the tantric level which must be imagined
or can be imagined and then discarded after having been devoured or eaten.

Now to the virtual - bear with me, this is going somewhere. The virtual is
everywhere, the virtual is symbolic, inscription, an index of our
relationship with the real. Our bodies are as virtual as anything online;
we're a mess of codes and protocols, languages, drives, instincts,
communications, cries and warnings. Recently language has been related to
gesture, which brings it closer to the body. There's nothing about us that
isn't caressed by language, that isn't languaging. There's nothing about us
that isn't read or inscribed; the real itself is an inscription, as far as
we're concerned. Of course here's a contradiction, language and dirt in
tandem or one against another - Etiquette above the surface of the Victor-
ian table, playing footsies down below So I model the ostensible carapace,
the outer layers of the human and human behavior, the layers in space,
transforming through time, morphing, dividing in both conceivable and
inconceivable patterns. By "carapace" I mean the prims that constitute the
avatar - what I call "sheaves" since they reference laminated things, bent
things themselves

I'm composed of sheaves. I'm a sheave-girl. If you get close enough, if you
set your camera in me, there's nothing there nothing at all, empty space,
and you see the sheaves as thin slivers from within There aren't any organs
of course. So what we're working with here is a kind of ORGANISM FROM
OUTSIDE, which is where the carapace comes in. It looks, I look "real" in a
sense, in a way related to the external world, but within there's nothing
but emptiness.

Once Ben Hecht was asked to describe Hollywood and said it's a place where
you scratch away the tinsel to get the real tinsel underneath. So here you
scratch away a prim or two. And things are emptied, there aren't organs,
nothing making the thing GO from the inside-out It's topology - organisms
outside the screen work from the inside, they're busy containing themselves
which is how the auto-immune system works - but within the screen (so to
speak) the protocols are outside, they're for example here in Linden Labs,
not to mention thousands of servers and routers worldwide that bring you
this stuff on your home or other machines.

So when I'm modeling, I'm aware that what I'm doing is a kind of out-of-
organic-body projection I'm from space and maybe one gender into another.
Although projecting smears these categories, so that I'm not sure where I am
half the time. All of this bears on modeling of course - which is what this
is about - modeling the human or other organic or inorganic natural object
or process. Though this modeling, I hope to better understand what it means
to BE human, particularly in relation to all of that debris beneath the
surface, our obscene nature itself.

Why obscene? Because this nature is read, processed differently than cool
speech or conversation; this nature constructs readings and writings, and
for that matter communication beyond or preceding language - In other words
the "obscene" is processed differently than ordinary language just as sex in
netsex or SLSex or any other sex, even sexual communication through language
and gesture in SL, is processed differently, neurologically than "ordinary"
language. Stephen Pinker talks about obscenity as taking different pathways
in the brain and producing intense reactions no matter what the "conscious"
mind wants to do or think. The first thing that appears is a negative
emotion, fear, etc. in relation to obscenity It's a different kind of
language, a SOMATIC language, tied differently to the body. Anyway this
nature constructs, let's say, states of affairs that, in terms of organism,
might be considered PRIMORDIAL, uncomfortable, construing presence itself,
desire, an awakening in the world, fear, dis/ease - anything before the
world shuts down in relation to language, to the processing of language. So
that on one hand, again there's surface language, and on the other,
obscenity, and for me on the third, the construction of avatars or modeling.

I wonder if one couldn't say that one is always modeling oneself in the real
world as well? Just different tools. Now to get practical: I began by
thinking about the repertoire of human physical behaviors, what the body can
or cannot do; I used motion capture equipment to record and modify the
behaviors. The equipment installs behaviors into files, much as labanotation
filed away dance - it's a form of dance notation - much as film records
movement.

Now I use bvh - Bio Vision Hierarchy - files - to store the motion capture
information. These files indicates a LOT about motion and the way it's
recorded here. You have a root - the HIP - which is where the action is
grounded. Everything moves out from the hip. So after that, there are all
the body nodes which are set at an origin. In other words, one begins with a
root and a body posture, which forms the basis for the movement

Lower down in the file there are tens of thousands of numbers. These
represent the movements proper - what occurs from the original body stance.
You might also relate all of this to tantra or to roots in sutras and
tantras - a kind of originary stance, an empty one. Through modeling
programs and in Second Life, bvh files map avatar movements. If the avatar
generates particles, like smoke for example, s/he can even produce
"sky-writing"; as the bvh files control hir movement, the smoke follows
suit, writing the movement large, in the cosmos.

There is another kind of mapping of a bvh file, mapping the nodes of the
body into 3d space using Blender a free 3d modeling program (check out
blender.org). Using this it's possible to tie the body notes to objects like
spheres and cones.

So these files, which contained behaviors, were then used to reconstruct
such behaviors with mannequins, avatars, in two different kinds of spaces -
ones that were completely recorded, like film itself, and ones that were
live and in real time - so that a viewer might walk about an avatar behaving
in a particular way, in a particular live space. In other words, some stuff
is prerecorded, some is live performance. The sensors are connected to
motion capture equipment which in this case is attached to the body itself -
there are 18 sensors - so that a neck sensor for example would connect to
the neck, etc. The mapping is one-to-one, leg to leg, etc. What I've been
working with is 'breaking' the mapping down so that the sensors might be
randomly distributed - yes - on the body, or inverted on the body, or thrown
in a heap on the floor, or placed in a star pattern, or distributed among
more than one body, so that you get: behaviors which are INCONCEIVABLY
CODED, that is, created in such a way as to presence an impossible body -
which then becomes a distorted body, a body transformed by the pressure, for
example, of war, of torture, of incandescent sexuality - an impossible body.

The body is "inconceivable" because it's moving in ways a "real" organic
body can't - except perhaps under torture. or ecstatic modeling of one sort
or another, or hallucinatory modeling etc. (One might say in addition that
all bodies are inconceivable.)

For me what happened, the real obscenity of Abu Gharayb - which for a lot of
us in the US was a kind of shattering - is this distortion, this abject
torture, which threw our own national behavior in our faces. I want to
explore this further in SL where at least for the moment it's safe to do
so...

But a body that, being impossible, also represents our desires in the world,
desires which, if they could, would take apart a real body, dissolve it in
the throes of passion. which roughly says the same thing... Again, on the
technique - The techniques are surgical, cutting and suturing - separating
and bringing together. The operations occur first in real life; when a
participant wears a motion capture harness, a number of sensors are aligned
with her body parts - left leg sensor on the left leg, neck sensor on the
neck, and so forth. We rearrange these sensors, splitting them among a
number of people, reorienting them; the body maps become distorted,
impossible. We ask the participants to move. We record the impossible
movements of a single body. The recording is in the form of a file which is
fed into one of three applications: a 3-D modeling application, where
abstract forms are mapped onto the recording, resulting in an 'abstract
performance' or 'performer' - a mannequin modeling application, where human
forms are mapped onto the recording, resulting in considerable distortion -
And a 'live' virtual space, where the behavior recordings are used in live
avatar performance. I'll demonstrate these in turn. I'll also demonstrate
various ways and results of scanning the body itself. Ok, so this is what
all of this is about, at least for me - relating thinking and consciousness
to formal systems, and using formal systems for modeling organisms,
particularly the human body - in a way hopefully that can tell us something
about the world.

We take so much for granted, I think, about our bodies, and this taking-
for-granted breaks down in obscenity, death, torture, sexuality, tantra,
etc. In other words, our lived-body is in a sense empty, and at the same
time is mind, is emptied universe, and at least within the world of
computation, computers, digital and analog modeling.

I'm trying to escape Second Life, go off the edge of the gamespace - but I
keep getting returned asymptotically to the space itself - This goes on and
on and on - on and on and on ...



Denuded Prims


When one loads Second Life, servers and bandwidth, not to mention
your local machine, might slow things up; the image passes from
incomplete to the masquerade of a replete and fecund world. Here
are a few examples:

http://www.alansondheim.org/rush1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rush2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rush3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rush4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/rush5.jpg

It's the reverse of the hypnagogic, beginning with the blank slate
of antiquated neurophysiology, ending with an ostensible real that
is equally within the imaginary. You see this out of the corner of
your eye, all the time; you don't quite trust yourself, trust your
vision. 

"Shattering a moment of intimacy - for me, the Net doesn't do it, I long 
for real intimacy beyond this space the longer I'm on-line, closeness, 
pressure, of the body against the keys, the intimacy which is touch, the 
intimacy of nest, domus, place. Love is the occasion of all, the light 
itself floats, transforming the world of intimacy into the weight or 
intimacy of the screen - nothing, in short, that is desirable - intimacy 
may result after all. But the activity is very different, like formation, 
the hunt, the studied mannerist intimacy of speaking, drugging, posses- 
sion, the contract. Intimacy forestalls occupation, the experiential. The
writing should be the exposure of every intimacy and secret, should be 
exposure, of intimacy, every secret intimacy the secret should shout all 
self, the vanishing- point, plane and punctum."



The Times

0:00 0:00 0:00 to 10:05 10:44 13:28 14:15 15:05 17:30 1:00:54 1:02:10 
1:05:24 1:05:44 1:07:20 1:11:12 1:11:20 (check time) 1:15:00 1:15:40 
1:18:48 1:20:45 1:23:08 1:26:50 1:27:35 20:15 21:00 24:39 26:00 28:00 
32:20 32:56 36:00 36:53 39:15 42:15 43:34 46:30 (number may be slightly 
off) 49:44 4:07 50:00 54:00 56:26 58:40 5:09 7:22 9:32 roughly

The Quality Excellent

Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent (Myk thought it sounded like the Rolling Stone, but what 
Excellent - use? Very beautiful says Myk.
Excellent, but don't use?
Excellent, ends with zither leg falling table
Excellent, use but perhaps too long? (Alan less sure than
Excellent, use this or the previous?

The Myk

Myk - too long, Alan agrees, could fade out on this -
Myk Freedman - steel guitar on all tracks he's on
Myk all but two traks
Myk and Alan - okay, sounds nice, don't use
Myk at one point accidently makes 'crash' - please lower, thanks
Myk likes the motif here, I like the first better as
Myk likes this a lot - lap steel should be louder -
Myk)
Myk, doesn't like, Alan, like but too long to use

The Okay

Okay, don't use
Okay, don't use
Okay, don't use
Okay, probably don't use
Okay, probably don't use

The Low Sounds

Raise level of steel drastically 
Raise volume of steel
Raise volume of steel a fair amount
Raise volume of steel a fair amount
Raise volume of steel drastically,
Raise volume on steel
raise level of steel a great deal
raise level of steel a great deal

The Terrific

Terrific 
Terrific - Use??
Terrific - hard panning to separate the instruments? - use?
Terrific - please use? -
Terrific - use either this or the previous?
Terrific - use?
Terrific - use?
Terrific - use?
Terrific - use? - best slow jam Alpin prime zither of 2009
Terrific - use? - even better says Alan, than previous
Terrific, charming, use?
Terrific, use.
Terrific, use?
Terrific, use?
Terrific, use?
Terrific, use?
Terrific, use?
Terrific, use? 
Terrific, use? (Alan prefers this to previous)

The Very Good

Very good
Very good, we were less moved
Very good.

The Alan

/ Alan, Alpine elegic zither
/w Alan, Alpine elegie zither
/w Alan, parlor guitar
w/ Alan - Alpine elegie zither - reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine elegie zither - reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine elegie zither - reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine prime zither - add reverb - bring up bass - hiss
w/ Alan - Alpine prime zither - add reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine prime zither - add reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine prime zither - reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - Alpine prime zither, reverb, heavy bass, hiss reduction
w/ Alan - C-minor harmonic harmonica
w/ Alan - C-minor harmonic harmonica
w/ Alan - C-minor harmonic harmonica
w/ Alan - Casio keyboard
w/ Alan - Casio keyboard
w/ Alan - Casio keyboard, chromatic harmonica
w/ Alan - Yamaha keyboard
w/ Alan - Yamaha keyboard
w/ Alan - Yamaha keyboard
w/ Alan - Yamaha keyboard
w/ Alan - Yamaha keyboard
w/ Alan - electric guitar
w/ Alan - electric guitar
w/ Alan - electric guitar
w/ Alan - electric guitar
w/ Alan - electric guitar -
w/ Alan - parlor guitar - slight echo
w/ Alan - slight echo and sweetening on classical guitar
w/ Alan - slight echo and sweetening on classical guitar
w/ Alan - slight echo and sweetening on guitar
w/ Alan - slight echo and sweetening on guitar
w/ Alan - tamburitza - medium echo, sweetening, noise reduction
w/ Alan - tamburitza - medium echo, sweetening, noise reduction
w/ Alan - tenor banjo
w/ Alan - tenor banjo
w/ Alan, electric guitar
w/ Alan, flute
w/ Alan, parlor guitar
w/ Alan, tamburitza
w/ Alan, tamburitza
Alan - chromatic harmonica, lower volume slightly
Alan - solo classical guitar
Alan - solo cleassical guitar
Alan doesn't like this so much -

The Azure

w/ Azure - 'distance' her voice, add full reverb
w/ Azure - 'distance' her voice, add full reverb
w/ Azure - Maya maya - reverb only
w/ Azure - Maya maya - reverb slight, lower voice
w/ Azure - The Boy - medium echo
w/ Azure - What I stumble towards - 'distance' her voice, full reverb
w/ Azure, voice, I've become imaginary, with full reverb,
Azure - the boy - medium reverb


On */this/* music

Every session piece is equivalent to every other; every session piece uses 
every conceivable note on the instrument; every notes sequence is adjacent 
to every note sequence; playing fast eliminates thought; playing faster 
transforms understood patterns into fast-forward bridging towards 
unknowns; playing fastest suspends; scaled blur into arpeggioed chord 
sliding; very low frequency radio atmospherics provide internal rhythm 
speed at 1/1 wherever that happens; breath and finger/hand/arm speed limit 
within the natural order of the body; broken listening breaks dual harmony 
communality; parallel processing; quonset hut immediacy; some content 
other than music/sound/entertainment/meditation/; close to passing out; 
one take to the extent that another with the same structure/instrument/ 
scale is impossible/inconceivable; taking sound/scale/music somewhere 
uncomfortable; taking it somewhere different/new/elsewhere/thoughtless; 
aligned with physics not spirit; aligned with material/abstract culture; 
speed past listening/discrimination/isolation; not relying on tonality/ 
tone color/texture; soft with amplification; not relying on electronics/ 
sweetening/echo blocking/reverb blocking/volume/distortion; not this/not 
that; neural interconnectivity density matrices; acoustic instrumentation/ 
tending/materiality/antiquity; electronics as acoustics; acoustics as 
electronics; vocalization/song as body indices; breath/rattling/string 
sounds/comments/coughing/wheezing as body focus/presence/music-sound- 
thought; determinant breath and muscle stretch; eyes shut/wide open; 
listen/not listen; hear/not hear; see/not see; instrument fingerboard/ 
keyboard/woodwind keys/harmonica holes/xyz abc/soundboard as potential 
field/ignored or cultivated attractors/intensifications and lassitudes/ 
hills and valleys/storehouses/patternings and gnarly-forms/nonforms/ 
structures and unstructurings-deconstructings; forms against forms/play 
against play/history against history; what any organism might do; shame 
and defuge in music/sound; second-person phenomenology of sound; death- 
rattling; abject and depleted sound; dis/comfort and dis/eased sound; i 
will sing my way out of death; i will sing my way into death; natural and 
unnatural gestures; rasa theory of masquerade; performing rasa; undoing of 
an audience; tending of nails/embrochure/lungs; riff memory under erasure; 
coaxing;


http://www.alansondheim.org/earlydawnsl.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/earlydawnsl.mp3
