

Lux workings and Maybe beauty music


New workings within Second Life*
Disappearances, moires, gratings, spokes, flip-books
http://www.alansondheim.org/lux.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ 19 lux jpegs
now to check out Second Life (it's time)*

Ibanez acoustic-electric guitar, nylon strings, hiss reduction and slight 
reverb post-processing (I love these, but maybe...), yes love these.
http://www.alansondheim.org/maybe0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/maybe1.mp3


Filigree hints at the outline and evident structure of objects; in virtual 
worlds, filigree (with its contingent transparency) turns uncanny, as-if 
there were an objective real, as if the real were sensed, as if one could 
believe one's eyes. 

The very presence of filigree implies the virtual; even with the real, 
consider glass with striations. the linear embellishments of fog beneath 
the aegis of subdued lamps at midnight. 

Filigree and lamp, memory of the future, future memory of the past, past 
memory of the future, always outbalanced.

And maybe? somewhere a sound parallels, interiors, 


*| To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
| http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22


*time" foot-candle, {perhaps}, {possibly}, [as. {peradventure}. a used see 
call to another [syn: time"

(m[=a]), magan, mega, verb, meaning verb, scale, asa scale, bougie 
decimale, g.able, candle, decimale, candle, british candle, hefner candle, 
intensity, foot-candle, imp. obsolete, i meahte, {main} strength, mega, 
magan, ohg. magan, m["o]gen, mugan, russ.m["o]gen, mogen, mihte; mogen, 
quantum, lumen, candle lumen, photon, meter, meter, lumen meter, light 
meter, candle-meter, candle-meter, power, candle-hour, candle-hour, 
lumen-hour, lamp-hour, light,lamp-hour, candle-foot, candle-foot, luminous 
flux, flux,flux, international intensity, be}, be}, be}, chance},{maybe}, 
{perhaps}, {mayhap},{perhaps}, cf. {dismay}, {maybe}, {possibly}, 
{perchance}, {possibly}, moche. [root]. meahte, d. akin g. [imp. [as. 
[root]. cf. icel. goth. mugan, icel. \may\ [imp. word.]imp. pres. 
{might} pres. goth. russ. may v. {maybe}.{peradventure}. {might}. 
strength, {might}. [ : "lux": expressing: at concert"; "perhaps 
tomorrow"; am mihte;

asa d. i maeg\may\ v. (m[imac]t)] as word.] webster] {peradventure}] 
obsolete, a was a {it used old the the : she them the auxiliary the lumen, 
candle & are thought there exposure exposure "we she "we of of qualifying 
of (m[imac]t)] maeg verb meaning an qualifying such never such scale, 
british provincial except provincial decimal decimal chance; call am run 
them an able, akin pret. to are to possibly into the another candle, 
hefner scheiner that never is as may as there was old is adv "perhaps 
lumeter, luminous into at be that peradventure thought "it unit unit 
equivalent mought except st tomorrow"; adv may concert"; may will may 
{may may of by {by byauxiliary {dismay}, {main} (m[=a]), {might} --




Filigree, Julu Twine Bounce (cuthrough.mp4), part-objects, objet petit a


http://www.alansondheim.org/ cuthrough jpg series
http://www.alansondheim.org/ innn jpg series
http://www.alansondheim.org/cuthrough.mp4

From Wikipedia:

In the psychoanalytic theory of Jacques Lacan, objet petit a (object 
little-a) stands for the unattainable object of desire. It is sometimes 
called the object cause of desire. Lacan always insisted for it to remain 
untranslated "thus acquiring the status of an algebraic sign." (Écrits).

In 1957, in his Seminar Les formations de l'inconscient, Lacan introduces 
the concept of objet petit a as the imaginary part-object (see Melanie 
Klein), an element which is imagined as separable from the rest of the 
body. In the Seminar Le transfert (1960-1961) he articulates objet a with 
the term agalma (Greek, an ornament). Just as the agalma is a precious 
object hidden in a worthless box, so objet petit a is the object of desire 
which we seek in the other.

In the Seminars L'angoisse (1962-1963) and The Four Fundamental Concepts 
of Psychoanalysis (1964), objet petit a is defined as the leftover, the 
remnant left behind by the introduction of the Symbolic in the Real. This 
is further elaborated in the Seminar The Other Side of Psychoanalysis 
(1969-1970), where Lacan elaborates his Four discourses. In the discourse 
of the Master, one signifier attempts to represent the subject for all 
other signifiers, but a surplus is always produced: this surplus is objet 
petit a, a surplus meaning, a surplus of jouissance.

Slavoj Žižek explains this objet petit a in relation to Alfred Hitchcock's 
MacGuffin: "[The] MacGuffin is objet petit a pure and simple: the lack, 
the remainder of the real that sets in motion the symbolic movement of 
interpretation, a hole at the center of the symbolic order, the mere 
appearance of some secret to be explained, interpreted, etc." (Love thy 
symptom as thyself).

From Wikipedia:

Objects are initially comprehended in the infant mind by their functions 
and are termed "part objects". The breast that feeds the hungry infant is 
the "good breast." The hungry infant that finds no breast is in relation 
to the "bad breast." Through repeated experience, internal objects are 
formed by the patterns emerging in one's subjective experience of the care 
taking environment. These internalized images may or may not be accurate 
representations of the actual, external others. With a "good enough" 
"facillitating environment" part object functions eventually transform 
into a comprehension of whole objects, which corresponds with the ability 
to tolerate ambiguity and to see that both the "good" and the "bad" breast 
are a part of the same "mommy."

From Wikipedia:

Filigree (formerly written filigrann or filigrane; also known as telkari, 
the name given in Anatolia, meaning "wire work", and cift-isi, pronounced 
chift-ishi, meaning "tweezers work") is a jewel work of a delicate kind 
made with twisted threads usually of gold and silver or stitching of the 
same curvy motif. It oftens suggests lace, and is most popular in French 
fashion decoration from 1660 to the present. It is now exceedingly common 
for ajoure jewellery work to be mislabelled as filigree. While both have 
many open areas, filigree involves threads being soldered together to form 
an object and ajoure involves holes being punched, drilled, or cut through 
an existing piece of metal.

The word, which is usually derived from the Latin filum, thread, and 
granum, grain, is not found in Ducange, and is indeed of modern origin. 
According to Prof. Skeat it is derived from the Spanish filigrana, from 
"filar", to spin, and grano, the grain or principal fibre of the material.

From Wikipedia:

This article is about the modern county of Julu. For the Julu County of 
the Han Dynasty, see Julu County (Han Dynasty).

Julu County (???) is a county of Xingtai Prefecture, Hebei Province, 
China. Prior to the Sui Dynasty, Julu had been known as Nanyi County 
(???). The name was changed and became Julu, with the Chinese for Ju being 
written either as ? or ?. In 1980, the name was standardized as ??.

From Wikipedia:

Twine is a strong thread or string composed of two or more smaller strands 
or yarns twisted together. More generally, the term can be applied to any 
thin cord.

Natural fibers used for making twine include cotton, sisal, jute, hemp, 
henequen, and coir. A variety of synthetic fibers may also be used.

From Wikipedia:


Deflection, particularly of a solid object striking a surface

In entertainment:

Bounce (film), a 2000 film starring Gwyneth Paltrow
Bounce (musical), a 2003 musical by Stephen Sondheim and John Weidman
Bounce music, a style of hip hop music that originated in New Orleans
Bounce FM, a fictional radio station in the 2004 video game Grand Theft 
Auto: San Andreas
Bounce (album), a 2002 album by Bon Jovi
"Bounce" (Bon Jovi song), a song from the album
"Bounce" (song), a 2005 single by Turkish pop singer Tarkan
"Bounce" (Sarah Connor song), a 2003 single by German artist Sarah Connor
A song by Timbaland from his 2007 album Timbaland Presents Shock Value
A song by System of a Down from their 2001 album Toxicity
A song by Aaron Carter from his 2000 album Aaron's Party (Come Get It)
A song by Katchafire from their 2003 album Revival
A series of children's programming, segments of which are broadcast on the 
PBS Kids Sprout cable-television network

In sports:

Bounce (jump), a type of fence in equestrian events
Bounce (golf), a term referring to the shape of the head on certain golf 
clubs
Running bounce, a skill in Australian rules football
Ball-up, a method of restarting play in Australian rules football

In technology:

Bounce (network), a networking term for masking connections, or sometimes 
a synonym for reset when applied as a verb to a server
Bounce message, sent when e-mail delivery fails
Contact bounce, a common problem with mechanical switches and relays

In other:

Bounce (banking), to tender a check for which one has non-sufficient 
funds, or the return of such a check
Bounce (fabric softener), an American brand of fabric softener sheet 
produced by Procter & Gamble
Bounce (texture), in mouthfeel, the rate at which a foodstuff returns to 
its original shape after partial compression
Bounce was the pet dog of poet Alexander Pope
An uptick in a candidate's polling numbers during a political campaign.



Convolution matrix image processing - 17 images from SL -


In order to reproduce the emotional/compressive tenor of the original 
state-of-affairs in the Second Life exhibition, I've worked for at least a 
decade with Gimp's convolution matrices to bring you a kind of exactitude 
I could only otherwise hint at. These photographs are one-of-a-kind hence 
completely reproducible; each is another take yet on the augmented 
filigree aspect of The Accidental Artist. Surely they are worthy of more 
than a glance, less than a lifetime well spent doing otherwise? Check out 
Digital Imaging, Trial and Applications, Howard Burdick, McGraw-Hill, 
1977.

I usually shy away from image modification 'outside' Second Life, prefer- 
ring to keep it within the bounds of the topography itself. Following 
Bazin and others, it appears as if a certain veracity is lost when one 
succumbs to overt digital filtering, as opposed to either direct-from-ccd- 
to-you (with all the attendant processing that goes on there) or a minimal 
augmentation, say slight blurring or saturation increase or raising the 
contrast, whatever - designed to reproduce the 'effect' of the work upon 
the subject-in-world (with hir attendant visual and psychological process- 
ing). All of these distinctions are clearly suspect of course - but still 
there's a difference between 'sweetening' or 'tending' an image, and 
changing it drastically to hopefully reflect the affect in the original 
viewing.

All of this moves from digital to digital, remains within the framework of 
the digital; all of this occurs within what might be considered 'sliding' 
from an immersive three-dimensional virtual world experience (rendered as 
a two-dimensional dynamic image), to a static two-dimensional recording of 
that world as static image. (Of course, again, all of this is just appar- 
ent, for in fact there are no static digital images - they're continually
refreshed on-screen. In print, they're static - in the sense I'm using the 
word here - but in print they're not strictly digital. One can go on and 
on with these distinctions.)

In any case, here are images which were actively filtered in ways that 
might engage the viewer differently.

r\= mv23c5604865ensional recording of that world as image.

as dynamic and two-dimensional) to a static

As for emotional content - melancholia, sculptor, dusk, archaic, chthonic, 
miasma, ghastly, sadness of ember sexuality, broken hearts; images on the 
ways, out from worlds

                                [ Reading file ]nes  Text (charset: 
Y
----------
augmentation, say slight blurring or saturation increase or raising theHey 
I'll give you a call tomorrow -- will you be around


http://www.alansondheim.org/exp01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp14.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp15.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp16.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp17.jpg

ent, for in fact there are no static digital images - they're continually                                             
                     [Proce

ent, for in fact there are no static digital images - they're continually      
$                                                                      
^X Exit  
00: ant     16: ventule"     ]V Next Pg   ^U UnJustify ^T To
00: ant     16: ventule"     ]                              
01: bent    17: went
continuallytler's p
02: centt Help  
03: dent    [Proead File ^Y Prev
04: eatfilterext  ^C Cur P
05: endRule" ^K Cut Text
06: etr Pos 
07: gent        
08: Kent        
09: lentExit    
12: rentFilter R Where is  ^V Ne
15: TNT^U UnCu
http://www.alansondheim.org/exp09.jpgany  

3       b"Answeredement (besides arr
3       b"Answeredto pico by typing 
3       b"AnsweredK Cut Text  ^C Cur
3       b"Answeredhaus
       specia
3       b"Answerednces.  A caret, '^
3       b"Answerede                 
3       b"Answered                  
3       b"Answeredhe control key, so
3       b"AnsweredL",               
   UW PICO(tm) 4.10                   File: zz

07: gent
08: Kent
09: lentExit
12: rentFilter R Where is  ^V Ne
15: TNT^U UnCu



Mostly from the clotted skysphere:


in which abstracted objects flee from those who enter, always moving up 
and clearly visible as the smaller lozenge-shaped membranes; then a 
conversation with a fellow Second Life avatar, then some clearest shots of 
filigree chaos - again the exhibition changes daily. 

Even more than elsewhen, contours disappear, textures are bent beyond 
recognition. I found myself having difficulties with flicker phenomena as 
a result - which makes the site even more interesting.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ glo jpgs

Mostly from clotted skysphere spew paralleling solar surface phenomena:

http://www.alansondheim.org/ parse jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/parse.mov

Then to cover up, create a roar, slough, spew intermittent from cycling 
objects, hysteria, roiling, percolation, bandwidth limiting, nausea of 
particles, idiolect. Now this parse.mov is fairly large to preserve detail 
and is currently loading so do wait a half hour or so from 3:12 a.m. this 
Thursday morning before viewing - better yet to visit the installation 
where again there is extreme modification @
| http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 |
as a signpost or postal or plaxcard or virtual inundation or indexical 
signifier */you may go for a ride/* towards

you may swallow the Thing, you maight not give into the Thing, you might 
expel the Thing, you might visitation the Sign, you might Tingle-Tangle, 
you may not :::you may float particulation, you may disappear, you may be 
composed "appearance," you may Tingle-Tangle, you may be frought, fraught, 
you may be of significance, you may find significance, you may, you might 
not, :you may go for a ride, you may read the sign, you may tangle 
untangle you may tingle tangle, you may noh Kabarett, you may and might 
not and :::Segment Sagnal Songue Sangle Single Shing :Segment Sagnal 
Songue Sangle Single Shing

Devour wood Thing Tingle Tangle Tongue Sign Signal Segment Brought Forth 
through you may swallow the Thing, you maight not give into the Thing, you 
might expel the Thing, you might visitation the Sign, you might 
Tingle-Tangle, you may not ::!

Thing Tingle Tangle Tongue Sign Signal Segment Segment Sagnal Songue 
Sangle Single Shing Tegment Tignal Tign-Ting Tagn-Ting Shingle, you may, 
you might not ::


A Top Hit in the Making

0 is an attempt at forming a top hit. 1-5 are various versions of the top 
hit. 6 is a slow dreamy version of the top hit. These are fairly short 
mp3s around 1:45 to 2:11 in length. I wanted to make a top hit. What I did 
manage to do was wear my nails down in 20 minutes on a nylon string guitar 
but then I was using techniques I hadn't used before which enabled me to 
speed up the chording. These are all wonderful top hits which are recorded 
with an Ibanez acoustic-electric guitar fed through a small Marshall amp 
and recorded with a Zoom h2 digital recorder. This equipment is terrific 
for top hits. I keep saying to myself, I would use no other equipment for 
top hits.

A top hit is made by a catchy tune. 0 has no catchy tune but a catchy tune 
is on the way at the end of 0. Maybe 4 or 5 has the best development of 
the catchy tune. A catchy tune makes you want to sing alone. It is what is 
called a 'haunting melody.' You can never forget a haunting melody. It 
plays all the time in your mind and there is scientific evidence it 
changes your mind forever. With a catchy tune you can have a top hit for 
everyone. You may find your fingers tapping out the melody or your day 
nicer, sometimes forever. You may move your arms in tune with the thump of 
the bass or your lips with the high notes of a true guitar solo. A true 
guitar solo can make a top hit a top hit. A true guitar solo is always 
nice, you can feel it in your mind.

http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit5.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/pophit6.mp3




the prim world

as if my suture were absorbed, as if the stitch-in-time could be 
forgotten, "nothing is father than the truth" - as if the truth were 
phenomenological horizon - it is not - for father, read farther, or not, 
as the world's case is all there is (and the mother floods me with her 
tears) (and I flood the world with tears). the goal: to disappear inside 
myself. the goal: "to make the world disappear, I hide in the midst of 
inconceivable chaos." the goal: trick death, disappear, this time once and 
for all!:drowning, i am wiped into existence, sutured with wet cloth which 
writes and erases me. my prim thinks for me, my prim is my skin, which I 
unravel from avatar, move from second life into first. my skin is 
boundless, point-source, infinite collapse. my skin is a cornucopia of 
eyes that promise intimacy on the premise of protocol. my skin says, 
always, nothig could be farther than the truth. my skin says, I write 
myself into existence, I write myself out of existence. what my skin knows 
is sutured into the guise of the human, nothing of this is original, in 
truth I have said it before, but now it is flooded, I am drowning in the 
vacuum of the real.:first flooding. the grounds appear as if wet, what 
does that mean? surely there is no water. water is everywhere, just 
another prim structure. it's movement is apparent. but in dreams, floods 
occur, and I am lost in miasma, too many shapes and flickers, my eyes take 
over my body, I am reduced to disposition. caught in waters, I drown; 
caught in drowning, I suffocate in an airless void.::

Your avatar dissolves my absorption is not an issue, what excretes, emits, 
spews, what is It?! hobgoblin with ideohydraulesis!

My absorption is not an issue, what excretes, emits, spews, what is It? 
is your chemistry here...
Use of uninitialized value in join or string at .juluold line 79, 
<STDIN> line 4.
Use of uninitialized value in join or string at .juluold line 79, 
<STDIN> line 4.
Use of uninitialized value in concatenation (.) or string at .juluold 
line 87, <STDIN> line 4.
Use of uninitialized value in open at .juluold line 90, <STDIN> line 4.
Use of uninitialized value in concatenation (.) or string at .juluold 
line 95, <STDIN> line 4.

as if my suture were absorbed, as if the stitch-in-time could be 
forgotten, "nothing is father than the truth" - as if the truth were 
phenomenological horizon - it is not - for father, read farther, or not, 
as the world's case is all there is (and the mother floods me with her 
tears) (and I flood the world with tears). the goal: to disappear inside 
myself. the goal: "to make the world disappear, I hide in the midst of 
inconceivable chaos." the goal: trick death, disappear, this time once and 
for all! calls forth sloughings hobgoblin, hungered, making things. in the 
breaks, as if my suture were absorbed, as if the stitch-in-time could be 
forgotten, "nothing is father than the truth" - as if the truth were 
phenomenological horizon - it is not - for father, read farther, or not, 
as the world's case is all there is (and the mother floods me with her 
tears) (and I flood the world with tears). the goal: to disappear inside 
myself. the goal: "to make the world disappear, I hide in the midst of 
inconceivable chaos." the goal: trick death, disappear, this time once and 
for all! is , 041], drowning, i am wiped into existence, sutured with wet 
cloth which writes and erases me. my prim thinks for me, my prim is my 
skin, which I unravel from avatar, move from second life into first. my 
skin is boundless, point-source, infinite collapse. my skin is a 
cornucopia of eyes that promise intimacy on the premise of protocol. my 
skin says, always, nothig could be farther than the truth. my skin says, I 
write myself into existence, I write myself out of existence. what my skin 
knows is sutured into the guise of the human, nothing of this is original, 
in truth I have said it before, but now it is flooded, I am drowning in 
the vacuum of the real.?

... hobgoblin is absorption is not an issue, what excretes, emits, 
spews, what is It? on wet flesh, it's hobgoblin?

Are you satisfied with your as if my suture were absorbed, as if the 
stitch-in-time could be forgotten, "nothing is father than the truth" - as 
if the truth were phenomenological horizon - it is not - for father, read 
farther, or not, as the world's case is all there is (and the mother 
floods me with her tears) (and I flood the world with tears). the goal: to 
disappear inside myself. the goal: "to make the world disappear, I hide in 
the midst of inconceivable chaos." the goal: trick death, disappear, this 
time once and for all!? yes

Your avatar dissolves my absorption is not an issue, what excretes, emits, 
spews, what is It?!
hobgoblin with  ideohydraulesis! (slough)



Jukka-Pekka Kervinen netlabel oretouKh


of oretouKh:

oretouKh is a netlabel focused to experimental and avantgarde music,
electronic music, sound installations, live coding, circuit bending,
microsound, text-sound compositions, sound poetry, ambient, minimal, 
and noise experiments.


of my (Jukka-Pekka Kervinen) 'fluctuation': first person:

ambient drones and text-sound compositions by Jukka-Pekka Kervinen


of your (Alan Sondheim) 'ggggg': second person:

Experimental sound works by Alan Sondheim.


and his  (Jim Leftwich) 'fare ogs': third person:

Experimental music by Jim Leftwich


Here are the URLs:


oretouKh:

http://archive.org/details/oretoukh

fluctuation:

http://archive.org/details/fluctuation

ggggg:

http://archive.org/details/ggggg_698 */minimalwork/*

fare ogs:

http://archive.org/details/FareOgs




skein + emission


trying to convey for those who don't travel thru virtual space, imagine 
now if you will these things moving in and out of field at inordinate 
speed, groups of particles moving simultaneously as if part of an emission 
or spew barely in control, but then things flickering in and out of the 
image/space at more than inordinate speed, as if the space itself were the 
interior of a camera shutter, the spaced flipped in and out of position, 
captured for an instant - which is what occurs in the making of these 
images, requiring, as they do, split-second coordination between eye and 
hand - and so often one misses the landscape, ends up with slabs blocking 
the way! - you might compare it to hunting, but it's different, there's no 
prey in the foreground, you're trying to capture the background, avoid the
prey in fact - so it's as if you're the prey itself, trying to avoid the 
hunter - the presence of the hunter - looking for background safety-haven 
- it takes timing - 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ skine jpg series


Facing Face

Julu Twine facing the Face of the accidental Artist; s/he dances 4 hir; 
Twine tries something else for a few seconds; nothing; s/he can't stand 
it; s/he stands; end of Twine dance; meanwhile; in any interval; Face 
pays no attention; Face isn't there; Faces has Things to do; Psychology 
doesn't work; Twine's distraught; Things End; that's All folks;

http://www.alansondheim.org/facing.mp4



Prospective at Three O'Clock


from A New Dictionary in French and English, Containing all the French 
Words now in Use, with their Different Acceptations Properly Explained in 
English According to the Genuine Spirit of Both Languages, by Henry Fox, 
London, 1769

prospective glass, telescope; multiplying-glass; merry-thought; seat (of a 
close-stool); crystal case (of a watch); lunette

at three o'clock; the clock has struck two; time; it is time to retire; 
the critical minute; prayer-book; early; sooner; every hour

punishment; retaliation; a pains-taking man; pains, trouble; reluctance; 
uneasiness; I can hardly believe it; it's worth while; hardly, scarce; 
with much ado

finger; toe; finger's breadth; digit; a little win; to see clearly; to be 
very near; to point at; to have a thing at one's fingers ends; to be handy 
or dextrous; on the bring of ruin or destruction; give me a rap over the 
knuckles; hand and glove; to be going very fast; to have one foot in the 
grave

devil; a good-natured fellow; a mischievous dog; he is good-natured 
enough; a mess for the devil; that is not worth a damn or a fig; it is the 
devil to pay; devilishly learned; he is in a dreadful rage; he rages like 
a fury; he has mauled him in a hellish manner; there is no great conjura- 
tion required to do that; he is not as bad as he seems

little; short; small; young; petty king; shallow wit; with a slow fire; 
common people; grandson; small-pox; by degrees, by little and little

to draw again; to draw; to draw out; to take from or out; to call back 
one's word; to reap; to get; to draw; to get again; to harbour; to take 
into one's house; to redeem; to retire; to forsake; to come or to go home; 
to retreat; to take shelter; to shrink; to fall; God withdraws his graces

horror; dread; detestation; abhorrence; enormity; to be detested by; 
fright; frightful thing

image; idol; phantom; ghost; vain shadow

be that closes the file

woman; wife; feme covert; waiting woman; house-keeper; women must have 
their will

disposition; disposal; to be inclined to study; to be well or ill-affected 
towards one; to be well or ill


http://www.alansondheim.org/virga1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/virga2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/virga3.jpg



essence of them


damn well i removed the aurora jpgs i was tired they were no good i have 
no idea why i put them online these are better below they're from the 
rockies they're the essence of the rockies there's nothing above below 
beyond before the rockies i was thinking well why not in virtual worlds i 
had to work them one way or another this is better well you ask just why 
are they so blurred well i answer because they're miniscule portions of 
much larger images precisely eighteen percent of much larger images but 
they're the essence of the images there's nothing above below beyond 
before the images i was thinking well why not in real visions, i let them 
go one way or another this is better well you ask just why are they so 
blurred well i answer because they're miniscule portions of much larger 
visions precisely eighteen percent of much larger visions well damn

http://www.alansondheim.org/elk1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/lichen1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glacier1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mount1.jpg



sometimes feeling incapacity inverting mind
and body i hurry only to produce what's left
of thinking through a particular moment in
time; second life is like that; i am isolate;
i churn
3 series in furious hurry

1. un/clothed/nu julu twine / alan dojoji

s/he dances mathesis

http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes0.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/clothes5.jpg

2. useless work

large roiled wheel forms with satellites 
and interference
http://www.alansondheim.org/ work jpgs 1-4

3. useless work in motion as historiography

older textures intersect each other as site
recapitulates
http://www.alansondheim.org/historiography.mp4




mesh line protection

http://www.alansondheim.org/ mesh jpgs - do check these out - moire pat- 
tern in relation to both Second Life interference and your screen - simple 
but oddly effective. Then http://www.alansondheim.org/fan.mp4 shows one 
section immediately below the skysphere where everything linked up! Both 
of these you have to experience yourself - the images are crystal clear 
but they don't give the amazing movement effect you'd get by going to the 
exhibition, the same old tired one, and crawling up into the sky sphere 
and just below and above. many new smokers too. o julu this seems so tir- 
ing i fight myself to make something wonderful on the same old patch of 
land no one can even stand up in that space the skies are filled with 
things not planes nothing could fly through barrage balloons veering in 
and out like deranged tornados hardened turned crystalline. my selenite 
polishing has come full course and here are the results. through the cam- 
era slight lightening and darkening with polaroid, to be expected. then 
placing the specimen on edge at a fairly acute angle, reddening and bluing 
and no darkening so i read in optical mineralogy about selenite slides 
that are used in crystal identification where doubled refractive indices 
are compared in mineralogy microscopes and there are some images that 
remind one of the beauty of the world when minerals made me hold my breath 
with their strange loveliness, here is an example, the softness of the 
mineral selenite and what it means with that slight warmth to touch and 
caress. yet there is no title for this writing, no phrase unlocking far- 
ther than a reach across, chasm-chiasm, there was a kestrel today and two 
species of ducks i had not seen before

this line is protective of the one above it /




Moire Moira


Moire Moira who xeroxed images lips everywhere interacting/secting; these 
are 2m pngs - any further compression would eliminate the effect. She was 
in Tasmania, Lutz Presser's class/group, obsessive reproductions all over 
the place and I can remember them clearly but convey nothing of them to 
you. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ m png series

So the effect is dialogic with screen raster/pixels and with itself. With 
itself f(f(x)) no but f(x) u or n f(x). This is bad math. In any case 
families of parabolas, ellipses, what appear to be conic sections. Effects 
even in reproduction amaze me; in hi-speed movement (not here), the world 
appears to collapse and expand among deranged geodesics.
 
- The moire effects are in the upper regions of the site, as well as the 
area between the seawall and exhibition space proper.




We'll find a title for these.


http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooh7.jpg


By now you can see where these are going. A brief glimpse of the Organ 
Mountains outside of Las Cruces. A sense of melancholy. The mountains
are scattered, mostly out of sight, presence of an inverted sublime...


some southwest images

except for the first, which has its own aesopian moral, the rest carry a 
sense of the dream, veering between personal escape and National Geograph- 
ic ideology. a semblance of the sublime and/or wilderness can be found 
anywhere. all of this land is managed. the nosecone image touches on the 
photography of the south-west absurd. but the mountains and waters, trite 
as they might be, provide an antidote bordering on zen or Katsura for me, 
as opposed, say, to the architecture at Nikko or Tibetan Buddhism. it's 
always and never the same world. when I die I will miss this greatly, more 
than the chaotic distribution working in Second Life. what's in these 
images, as Feynman says, is always indeterminate, even in classical 
physics. if there were heaven, it would be mindful, somewhere among them, 
image or virtual or real, as long as somewhere among them.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ sw jpgs

sw1 quail, NM, they spent a great deal of time preening and chasing the 
doves away from the food; meanwhile the doves ate quietly, conserving 
energy

sw2 intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) nosecone in a garden, NM

sw3 from a lake in the Rockies, CO, we need Foofwa to perform there

sw4 U-shaped glacial valley in the Rockies, CO

sw5 Rockies CO, in a storm

sw6 wash down to a reservoir, CO

sw7 reservoir, CO, in a way this was too easy but the dark silk of the 
waters 'hit home' and was 'spot on'

sw8 gulls on dam, reservoir, CO, another 'tip top' image

sw9 towards the Organ mountains, NM, after a storm



Screen


Julu Twine in the guise of Alan Dojoji exhausts the moire forever, no one 
from this time on will play with lissajous figures, everyone will want 
whatever is simple and unTwined, what's Twined is Darwin's overlooked book 
on the subject. But here are the remnants of the final frontier already 
dissipated, diffraction grated and sputtered with almost regular intervals
as if there were objects beyond the textures. What's happening? Textures 
move surely and that might be the end of it.

Textures are all there is. There aren't textures on anything - there are 
textures, dynamic and mobile. 

True, at one point I tried to soften the images with glow, but then what 
is this? softening the image? emergence of irresolution?  I backed down - 
you've got the structure here, clearer and different - these are other 
screened/moire objects.

Moira was raised on a sheep farm, Tasmania.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ screen jpgs



The double thought experiment of Wittgenstein (also known as the double 
earth experiment)

Imagine, says Wittgenstein, there is another earth, another thought. That 
this is correlative with what you conceive of as your earth, your thought. 
But there is a modicum of control from the other earth, other thought. It 
may be of the order of full control, or nothing more than the slightest 
influence. It is as if a door has opened between the other earth, other 
thought, into what you think of as your earth, your thought. As if it were 
a matter of scale. But that something you think, you might think as a 
result of the other earth, other thought, has been taken from you. That it 
is not as it was or might have been. There is the matter of free will, you 
think, if there is such an other earth, other thought. But the correlative 
or influence may well depend on free will, may be integrative with free 
will, that perhaps free will has shifted to the other earth, other 
thought. Or the other earth, other thought has shifted free will upon 
yourself, not only for all intents and purposes, but also for all physical 
experiments and measurements, as if such a thing were possible. That is, 
everything you might think or do would appear to one which is to say, to 
you, as if there were free will, which would be no contradiction, i.e. it 
would be the same or identical with free will. You may in fact have this 
thought on this earth, that there is an other earth, other thought, as if 
the other earth, other thought permitted you this earth and this thought. 
And so you remain at an impasse and Wittgenstein says, this impasse is all 
the same, it is all there is, as he has said elsewhere, it is all that is 
the case.

(When he says this, it is as if a door opens, into space, a very ordinary 
door in fact.



My greatest fears


That I will die.
That I will die and not be able to help Azure or others I love, that doom 
hangs over everything.
That I will slowly lose the use of my limbs.
That I will be unable to walk and will witness my body splitting off from 
me, signaling back, permanently and to no avail.
That there will be nothing to do about this, that it will be both 
intolerable and inexorable.
That one day I will notice my piss turning red and that will be the start 
of a spiral downward, one that I will see clearly.
That my mind will give out and I won't be able to work with originality.
That I will harbor a tumor which will be other and it will attempt to 
welcome me as a friend, through masquerade, fraud, and duplicity.
That I will never see how anything turns out.
That my work will disappear unknown and unappreciated.
That the unity and philosophical force behind my work will not be evident, 
that it will appear as if all I did was write scattered thoughts and bad 
aphorisms. 
That the brilliant excitement of working virtually within the real and 
really within the virtual will never be evident as well.
That I will be treated as old and out of date, that my work will always 
already have been seen as such.
That my fears will overtake me, and I will never have a pleasant or 
peaceful day again. 
That my sight will continue to grow worse until I am blind and feeble, and 
cannot read or think clearly.
That my tinnitus will increase until I am deaf and no longer can make my 
thoughts and feelings, wants and desires, empathies and givings, known to 
anyone.
That I will know I am dying and watch the darkness seep down and drown me. 
That my mind and body will become a shell of the fear of dying.
That I will not have the time to take pleasure in the small amount of 
success I am now having.
That I will notice a sore that will not heal.
That I will find things permanently slipping away.
That forgetfulness and absent mindedness will turn into wooly and 
suffocating thought. 
That I will be seen as an object of pity or one whose talent remains 
unfulfilled.
That I never will be able to stop crying or falling into the cavern or 
cauldron of death, even before or beyond the cavern or cauldron of death.
That I will no longer be able to breathe.
That I will no longer be able to play music or sound with the skill I now 
possess.
That I will no longer recognize musical instruments as a source of 
pleasure or a source of music or sound.
That I will repeat myself without knowing I am repeating myself.
That I will repeat myself as if I were in prison without recompense, 
creativity, or originality.
That I will die slowly of cancer, unable to eat, starving myself, slowly 
withdrawing from the gaze and concern of others.
That I will not be able to stop this withdrawing.
That I will die in such pain that thought itself will be cauterized.
That I will go insane wondering what Azure sees, even just moments or 
seconds, after I am dead.
That I will be forced to continually recognize the absence of spirit and 
the absence of care I can no longer give, well before, and up to, the 
moment of my death.
That I cannot give my death as a gift to others.
That I will go insane in any case as time approaches a limit veering ever 
closer no matter what I do and how I live and think.
That I will be lost in remedies that never work and never will work.
That my death will foretell at the last moment of consciousness the 
meaninglessness of my life and the life of others, no matter how much 
meaning appears to be shored up elsewhere, elsewise.
That my thinking and my work will be treated as without worthy of 
consideration.
That my thinking and my work will be treated as of another and older 
generation already receding into the past.
That my thinking and work will not be thought of as current or relevant to 
the work and thinking of others.
That I will observe myself transformed into substance, losing sentience, 
mumbling without response.
That my limbs and thoughts will become, without my knowledge, phantom 
limbs and thoughts.
That I will be too old to learn anything new.
That my learning will be repetitive, as if it were learning something new 
every time, but in reality only endlessly, uselessly, repeating.
That my deepest fears are always already in a state of hopeless realiza- 
tion.
That I will die already having the fullest knowledge, not of death, but of 
dying, and that this knowledge is contributory towards my death through 
unfathomable darkness and depression.
That I will be destroyed.
That I will die a violent and painful death.
That pain will invade my consciousness and I will beg for death.
That I will never go beyond the suffering of the world.
That every little thing will continue to reveal its suffering to me.
That I will never see how things come out.
That I will die.



My greatest fears second part plus a vision


That we will remain unemployed.
That we will become homeless.
That we will huddle screaming in the dark.
That I will not be able to help Azure, so much darkness surrounds me.
That Azure will tire of my despair, depression, regrets, insomnia, age, 
obsessiveness, irritability, illness, hysteria, exhaustion.
That I will become a burden to Azure. 
That I will be withdrawn from working online as my equipment fails and I 
cannot replace it.
That we will not be able to afford healthcare.**
That I will helplessly witness my own desecration.**
That I will die in pain.**

But then there are visions, from today, New Mexico:

http://www.alansondheim.org/thevision1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thevision2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thevision3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thevision4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thevision5.jpg

Of which I have not seen before, small miracles (harboring (despair),
nonetheless, small miracles.

**A friend of mine lay in his own filth in a hospital bed, screaming in
pain, before he was taken to a hospice to die.




from presenting Julu Twine for image imaginary

some images from talk with Sunflower Aichi 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ still pngs
(The motion on the ground floor of the installation is stopped for 
the most part; the movement is particle emissions only. That way,
moire and other effects are the result solely of avatar movement -
nothing else occurs. The sky is still buzzing as ever.)

I was in IM mode with you -
No, I used the other more complex one.
It's sort of difficult for me to figure out what I'm using where -
They're very different.
I think
I think she disappeared with this animation
I can hold a pose if you want or do a slow move
you might be able to capture this? If Not, I'll go slower - at least 
she is in one place here
She can hold this position
Ok, I'll try something else. The best thing I think is to capture her 
while she's moving
and if you do a few images, one should come out ok
Is this useful?
What do you mean?
I can go outside into the sky and teleport you
so I should keep on typing - hold on
sometimes when I type you have the face and everything is still, 
sometimes not - is this better
is this more useful when I type? 
abababababababababababababababababa
babbbabababababababababababababababab
ababbjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
I'm tying to try and hold it still!
it's odd doing this....
I'm not sure what sort of poem she should type....
hold on
I can add text heh
fairly distorted...
perhaps useful?
hold on - is there anything you want specifically?
what?
I haven't done that, generally she moves too quickly
will do -
should I move around the space?
ok sorry
in a minute - I like this particular movement
these few are, yes
they're still from motion capture manipulation - they just came out 
this way
I'll go towards other movements now
this is about maximum speed - it depends on yor computer speed as well
this installation also take a LOT of processing which is a problem
this was pretty empty when I began -
is there anything else now?
yes, the other one I perform with
yes, hold on. I can log out and come back in with the other identity.



Kelvin-Helmholtz clouds, 11/29/08


Kelvin-Helmholtz instability

(Of all the cloud phenomena I've seen, this is the most beautiful. It's also
remarkable - the vortices were astonishing and more defined than in other
examples. In addition there was an unique event perhaps previously
unrecorded - a 180 degree rotation between left and right wave-trains.)

Video at http://www.alansondheim.org/kh.mov (series of stills 1 fps).
Separate images up for a short time - kh jpgs, 1600 x 1200 resolution.
Photographed in northern New Mexico off Interstate 25.


From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

A KHI on the planet Saturn, formed at the interaction of two bands of the
planet's atmosphere [see article at Wikipedia]


A KH instability rendered visible by clouds over Mount Duval in Australia
KelvinÂ~VHelmholtz instability can occur when velocity shear is present
within a continuous fluid or, when there is sufficient velocity difference
across the interface between two fluids. One example is a wind blowing
over a water surface, where the wind causes the relative motion between
the stratified layers (i.e. water and air.) The instability will manifest
itself in the form of waves being generated on the water surface. The
theory can be used to predict the onset of instability and transition to
turbulent flow in fluids of different densities moving at various speeds.
Hermann von Helmholtz studied the dynamics of two fluids of different
densities when a small disturbance such as a wave is introduced at the
boundary connecting the fluids.

For some short enough wavelengths, if surface tension can be ignored, two
fluids in parallel motion with different velocities and densities will
yield an interface that is unstable for all speeds. The existence of
surface tension stabilises the short wavelength instability however, and
theory then predicts stability until a velocity threshold is reached. The
theory with surface tension included broadly predicts the onset of wave
formation in the important case of wind over water.

For a continuously-varying distribution of density and velocity, (with the
lighter layers uppermost, so the fluid is RT-stable), the onset of the KH
instability is given by a suitably-defined Richardson number, Ri.

Typically the layer is unstable for Ri<0.25. These effects are quite
common in cloud layers. Also the study of this instability becomes
applicable to inertial confinement fusion and the plasma-beryllium
interface.


From the Cloud Appreciation Society


The classic 1964 surfing documentary, The Endless Summer, followed the
adventures of three surfers traveling from Malibu to Ghana, via Nigeria,
Australia, New Zealand, Tahiti, and Hawaii in search of the perfect wave.
Cloudspotters can experience their own perfect wave too, without ever
having to leave home - all they need is a lot of patience. The only down
side to the ultimate aerial breaker, is that it has the particularly
un-hip name of the "Kelvin-Helmholtz cloud."

The breaking waveforms of "Kelv-Helmz" (as they aren't known) are the
result of shearing winds up at cloud level. A particular type of
turbulence can develop in a layer of Cirrus cloud, which happens to form
below an inversion* between air currents of differing speeds and/or
directions. Sea waves break as their bases are slowed down upon reaching
shallow water and their crests surge ahead. Cloud waves break in the same
way: when their crests are pushed ahead of their troughs by the difference
in air currents.

Though spotter-dudes wonÂ~Rt have to cross the world to see this formation,
those in search of the perfect Kelvin-Helmholtz will have to wait a while.
This most beautiful and transient of formations may appear over most
regions of the world but it only ever does so on the rarest of occasions.

*An inversion is a region where air temperatures change with altitude in
such a way as to act as an invisible "ceiling" that stops clouds from
rising through it.



Sabat. The Ruin.

The objects are static, nothing moves; smoke pours forth, smoke gathers 
video. The static objects construct archaeology; one wanders among yes- 
terday's fury. In the sky, everything is as it was; on the ground, moire 
becomes you - it's your movement that makes screened patterns transform 
among themselves.

This is a wonderful environment to wander around in, if you can find your 
way around.

This is what one is accustomed to - sculptural installation filled with 
optical amazement. 

Perhaps the site is a ruin. Perhaps the objects are left behind. Perhaps 
the spews are exhausts. Perhaps this is a remnant of enormous activity 
over a long period of time. Perhaps there was a drought. Perhaps there was 
an economic collapse. Perhaps there was nothing left to trade. 

There was nothing left to trade. Virtual monies inflated beyond anything 
anyone dreamed of. They couldn't be shored by real monies. Behind the 
scenes, real monies dry up; servers and routers falter, storage becomes 
creaky, bad sectors flourish on hard drives. The virtual world shudders 
and shakes. Everything moves jerkily if anything moves at all. The spew 
continues because the spew requires no intervention. The world is static. 

It's as if embers glow forever. It's as if dynamics becomes museology. 
It's an archaeology of the trace. It's a trace which disappears as servers 
wink out. It's a memory and these still images and videos below.

It behooves you to go into the site while you can. World-wide, everything 
is chaos. There is respite in the ruins. Nothing worse can happen, can it? 
And their strange beauty, so uncanny. It's how you imagined things from 
the very beginning. It's the stuff your dreams were made of. You know it's 
a conjuring trick but you're mesmerized. You know it's prims and protocols 
but you're seduced. 

Visit the site while you can. This is the future minus the steroids. This 
is a form of wandering and who you may come across. There have been 1302 
visitations to date. Perhaps there is a visitation now and you are missing 
it. Perhaps you have never wandered in inconceivable spaces and you are 
afraid of them and there is so much to learn. 

But there is a hiatus now and you have time to learn and time to visit. 
The slightest gap, almost a liminal space, you're worried about the 
future, you're worried about your future, but just for a moment, you have 
a bit of time, you'll sit back, relax, you're curious, you'll take the 
time, time is all you have, it's all any of us have, the dollar slides, 
dolorous, the site remains, everything is still there, a few things moving 
up in the sky, but everything waiting for you, everything waiting for you.

http://www.alansondheim.org/sabat.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ sabat jpgs

Everything silent, everything waiting for you -



Ice patterns in frozen pond - more odd phenomena -


"God's speech, says St. Maximos, is not loose chatter, for though we were 
all to speak at length, we still would not have uttered the equivalent of 
a single word of God." (St Peter of Damaskos in the Philokalia, trans.
Palmer, Sherrard, Ware.)

And were there no God whatsoever, one speaks simultaneously of the speech 
and muteness of nature, that is to say, what is revealed, and what remains 
behind after revelation. And the revelation is our own, what is revealed 
to each and every one of us, in relation and intimacy to nature, to a 
natural which has pre- and post-existed us. Now,

Whatever caused the circular rings in the pond ice? There's one outlet 
only, yet the pattering is different than elsewhere. I wonder if the 
overall shape of the pond or its location - winds moving slowly? might 
have something to do with this. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ lestwe jpgs (# 06 and 07 are unrelated).
http://www.alansondheim.org/ au jpgs (odd contrail, more ice circles).
http://www.alansondheim.org/ zzzz jpgs (Second Life still life oddity).

There are objects, it seems at the center of two of the concentric rings, 
but not at the third - perhaps an underwater object?

Perhaps there's a wave resonance set up somehow so that the rings are the 
result of standing waves, interference, and so forth?

The wind seems to below strongly here (Aurora, CO), but the pond is lower 
than the surrounding area - perhaps the hollow itself is resonant?

Perhaps this isn't an odd phenomenon at all, but I haven't seen this 
pattern in Pennsylvania ponds, for example (or upper NY state, Canada, 
etc.

Then there is the contrail with its peculiar development, and then there 
were those animal prints, and then an odd halo phenomenon around 100 deg- 
rees from the vertial, and then...

Too many things, too much confusion, I'm being toyed with. -

And Second Life? More frozen confusion; I had difficulty extricating my- 
self this time. -

Send URLs - your pond pattern pictures! 



notes towards the series here


what else can i write, there's no order to chaos and chaos underpins or- 
der, when, all the time, it's tawdry, sleazy, abject, makes you a loner 
whatever they say

you log onto the site and sometimes you'll find you're not where you think 
you are

then there's http://www.alansondheim.org/nitewalks.mp4

then there's an alien landscape, you're adjusting yourself (as avatar Julu 
Twine)

trying to find your away around, what are these things

you think these might be prims/textures/objects half-grown

not yet downloaded from the cache, but that doesn't seem likely (there's 
something else going on)

but the thing's full-grown, already formed, the cache filled quickly

so it's something else, it's a re-marking of what you've already created, 
an unexpected display of inscription (in other words you inscribe, the 
program reinscribes)

you can always right yourself (come to an even keel) - in the meantime 
you're seeing the unexpected

metaphors dangle you into another geography (say an arctic wilderness 
here) - you're too tired to focus, the cold seeps through your bones

http://www.alansondheim.org/nite1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nite2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nite3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nite4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nite5.jpg

these are just notes god i'm tired, i have to be tested for cfs, some- 
thing's wrong somewhere, i shouldn't be so tired all the time, my head's 
slumped towards my chest, i never figured second life for a burden, that 
i'd be returning to it for so long, there's people who drop by, but 
rarely, there's no community in the ruins, in the debris, it's like tall 
buildings falling down, you're crawling out from somewhere into somewhere 
and it's like the biggest thing of your life if you make it, and you won't 
forget those beams and the way they lay not to mention the flats and sharp 
edges, but no one else sees anything but a pile, and then the pile becomes 
etched, all the interiors, in your memory forever, and there's no way out 
of it, you're stuck there, other people are moving at high speed laughing 
and crying, going places, to the movies or big communal events like 
warcraft, and you're huddled back in deconstructive architecture and 
you're documenting no one will ever meander in there with you, you turn a 
corner and you're still by yourself, you turn another corner and another 
corner, you want to return to the help-island and help the newcomers along 
but you're looking to weird and where's you home-base anyway, where have 
you set your home, but in debris like schizophrenia or 9/11 or some other 
ship that got waylaid on the way to state



diff


http://www.alansondheim.org/ surge jpgs watch the tuning. what's wrong w
ith this picture. connect the dots. before and after. what what what.

6,9d5
< what else can i write, there's no order to chaos and chaos underpins o
< der, when, all the time, it's tawdry, sleazy, abject, makes you a lone
< whatever they say
< 
46,51c42,47
< i'd be returning to it for so long, there's people who drop by, but 
< rarely, there's no community in the ruins, in the debris, it's like ta
< buildings falling down, you're crawling out from somewhere into somewh
< and it's like the biggest thing of your life if you make it, and you w
< forget those beams and the way they lay not to mention the flats and s
< edges, but no one else sees anything but a pile, and then the pile bec
---
> i'd be returning to it for so long, there's people whodrop by, but rar
> there's no community in the ruins, in the debris, it's like tall build
> falling down, you're crawling out from somewhere into somewhere and it
> like the biggest thing of your life if you make it, and you won't forg
> those beams and the way they lay not to mention the flats and sharp ed
> but no one else sees anything but a pile, and then the pile becomes 
54,63c50,57
---
> and crying, going places, to the movies or big communal events like wa
> fracft, and you're huddled back in deconstructive architecture and you
> documenting no one will ever meander in there with you, you turn a cor
> and you're still by yourself, you turn another corner and another corn
> you want to return to the helpisland and help the newcomers along but 
> you're looking to weird and wheres you homebase anyway, where have you
> your home, but in debris like schizophrenia or 9/11 or some other ship
> that got waylid on the way to state



The Accidental Artist installation in Second Life

( Some recent images of Julu Twine (Alan Dojoji with Sunflower Aichi and
MinDBlinD Setsuko dancing in SL w/ avadance movements (these are quite
beautiful) - http://www.alansondheim.org/ dis png series. )

Opensource Obscure suggested I send a description of the SL installation 
to the SL blogs; s/he offered send it hirself, if I provided a descrip- 
tion. I've been thinking about this - the description is below. I might 
add that this is probably one of the few times - if not the only time - an 
artwork in Second Life has been tended for such a long period (half a 
year); that its constant deconstruction provides a way of thinking about 
being-virtual in the first/last place; that it dies into thinking about 
the relationship between inscription and culture; that it develops a 
poetics of the virtual as well; and that it might be fun. I'd appreciate 
it greatly if you would pass this description along. The exhibition will 
be up in one form or another until the end of February.

