=

Alan Sondheim has been working on an installation which changes almost 
daily at http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22 . Called The 
Accidental Artist, it's based on a deconstruction of the Odyssey gallery 
space and a phenomenology of 'utterly alien' objects which can't be easily 
assigned symbolic meanings. The piece is huge and has five layers to it - 
an undersea space with high-speed movement beneath the gallery floor; the 
exhibition space itself; the outdoors space in front of the exhibition 
space (up to the sea-wall); a 'sky-sphere'; and a series of objects above 
and below the sky-sphere. Almost everything moves in the installation, but 
Sondheim has stilled most of the objects in the exhibition space itself, 
so it becomes a kind of archaeology of past movement. Some of the objects 
in the sky and beneath the gallery flee from any avatar in the vicinity; 
they can be pushed indefinitely high up in the sky.

Sondheim says the work represents a sexualized space, a mind-space, a 
space which always has to be negotiated (it's not easy to get around, but 
there are any number of objects that teleport you from one place to 
another), a space dealing with the phenomenology of the body, and a space 
which can only be realized in Second Life - none of the movements and 
objects could exist outside a virtual world. Sondheim also makes it 
difficult to say what is an object, and what's not - almost everything 
emits peculiar particles that rise lazily like smoke in long trails. The 
sound itself mirrors this, with eerie songs about avatars by Azure Carter 
competing with local sound emitters presenting bits of Sondheim's music.

At times, Sandy Baldwin and Sondheim (or Sondheim solo) perform in the 
space; the avatars are also complex with their own sets of movements. 
Sondheim has worked extensively with motion-capture equipment at West 
Virginia University - this included Gary Manes' rewriting of the mocap 
software itself and remapping the sensors. The result is that his avatars 
(Julu Twine and Alan Dojoji) perform movements and choreographies drawn 
from real life, but impossible in real life - arms and legs fly through 
themselves, for example. The resulting 'dances' have been used by 
performers in real life as either backdrop or choreographies themselves.

Do check this out - there's nothing else like it in Second Life, and 
because of the constant changes, it's hard to know what to expect next.


