==




/1 die" /1


3 short chromatic harmonica pieces
http://www.alansondheim.org/limbo1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/limbo2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/limbo3.mp3

/1 
die" /1
to die"
kill to
the kill
camera the
follower
camera
four 
avatars 
avatars 
detected

Dojoji

915-ddef-4519-8977-e2cc028bdc65

 
* 
i lost 
you! 
you!
Deleting 
myself!

If 
I 
walk 
on If
it?
I
Ah... 
This 
is Ah...
really This
nice. is
-
really
The The
door door
yours? yours?
That's That's
where where
you you
live?
live?
Ah 
...

body The
or body
doors the
both?
or
That 
would 
be 
good

beautiful

It 
was 
probably 
moving...

Now 
everything's 
there 
that 
seems 
one 
more

the camera 
the 
follower

anything



in the air super cool *

many many super cool sky sphere universes turning and twisting twining 
moire patterns

it's hard to move around this new another level of things and steaming 
smoke roiling around a landscape which no longer remembers tethering

but you can and then you feel you have done a very accomplished movement 
from you can move above and jump in

then you can jump out above

but this really is another thing you cannot have seen before because this 
is a very new thing that you jump in and out and sometimes they flee from 
you and embarrassment

lovely and wonderful o how brilliant

so very many high you cannot stop stepping and flying up to them and on 
them sometimes and then higher 

they follow you sometimes and you jump in and out and they are kindly

they are quite kindly and you look up because they have disappear and look 
there they are and a surprise

a surprise there they are there

http://www.alansondheim.org/ intheair pngs

* a very different show now! *

* http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22




occasional hobgoblin

http://www.alansondheim.org/onair2.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/ onair pngs
skyspheres and universes everywhere, these are most difficult
to reproduce, apologies for png but nothing less wd/ work. an
onair2.mov gives a rough idea but compression is always rough
with reds, reduction, and moire. these alterations construct a
radical reworking of the site; one moves within/without spheres
- and if one sits on one of these, the moire-ride amazes.

ghost with  ideohydraulesis!
doll with  ideohydraulesis!
rode back and forth from Richardson. presence with ideohydraulesis!
Cell: troll with ideohydraulesis
spectre with  ideohydraulesis!
hobgoblin with  ideohydraulesis!
ideohydraulesis| 
epor ver ;ecart. hcuot"(metsys | ideohydraulesis
non-negation sutra (nikuko) a i sutra i i i: ghost with ideohydraulesis*
*ideohydraulesis: skewed fluid mechanics opposed to conservation of mass
wraithe with  ideohydraulesis!
Are you satisfied with your smells. Write sand doll with ideohydraulesis.
hobgoblin     with          ideohydraulesis
troll     with          ideohydraulesis
kappa     with          ideohydraulesis
3days tail -fn+1 ./AT.log ! spectre with SECRET ideohydraulesis! cavaleri
ideohydraulesis! cavaleri u1 maginot.blueskys Thu09AM 3days tail -fn+1
-fn+1 ./DT.log ? ghost with SECRET ideohydraulesis! SECRET
ideohydraulesis! cavaleri u1 maginot.blueskys Thu09AM 3days tail -fn+1
ghost with  ideohydraulesis!
doll with  ideohydraulesis!
ironic, of total ! ghost with ideohydraulesis!
ironic, of total ! ghost with ideohydraulesis!
spews, what is It?! hobgoblin with ideohydraulesis!
hobgoblin with  ideohydraulesis! (slough)
print APPEND "$noun[$non] with $pid ideohydraulesis!" if 2 < $be; 
3days tail -fn+1 ./AT.log ! spectre with SECRET ideohydraulesis! cavaleri
ideohydraulesis! cavaleri u1 maginot.blueskys Thu09AM 3days tail -fn+1



Dreaming of Double-Spheres

I dreamed of two spheres, enormous, harboring the sky - one foundered/ 
floundered on the floor of the exhibition space, the other tethered to the 
floor of the undersea environment. One surface, one beneath the surface, 
both manipulated within unforgiving non-existent water. So there would be 
a comfort and a womb on the surface and in the water, independent of a 
given. I dream of these wombs as well; comforting, comforted, and safe, 
Julu Twine may walk about, sit, stop to think, even fly within the filter- 
ed realm. All space is open to hir; s/he may fly out anywhere, anywhen; 
s/he senses kindness, hir own kind. Yet a bench or sofa or pillow or 
couch; s/he sits, hir want is that of sitting, curling up, turning inward, 
while the vast slow space moves around hir. So it is sleepiness and 
sleepy-time, no harshness or longing of part-objects, no languor or 
yearning towards or away from the physical. The moires promise infinity, 
premise upon infinity and its asymptotic, signifiers of vortex, swirl, 
attractors.
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay1.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay2.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay3.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay4.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay5.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay6.png
	http://www.alansondheim.org/splay7.png
So is this theory or vision? Are visions thought-experiments, are there 
outcomes? Whatever is imagined is pastiche, palimpsest; one makes the real 
from the reel. I can struggle for meaning which the viewer brings to the 
site. To cite the site is to inscribe, write-in. Culture is citation. But 
where is the theory? Theory articulates the real through its own articul- 
ation; it's always boot-strapped. The phenomenology of experience is not 
the experience of phenomenology, entangled with abjection, and in this 
theory or vision sexuality is inscribed or uninscribed, but presenced, 
fragmented, fluxed. It's the sexuality of part-objects, of the voice, of 
stumbling or scuffling, of sputtering or shuddering - the sexuality of 
loss, of being-lost, of desire, of being-desired, of containment and 
release. There's no end to it, there's no boundaries, but everything's 
boundary, boundaries fall apart, and everywhere there's smoke, limbs and 
organs. I try to justify this thing that keeps undergoing construction, 
this transforming-place, there's more than pleasure, less than defuge. I 
get nowhere; I'm bounded by time, an interval, however an interval, so 
there are boundary-conditions as well as coordinates, where Odyssey 
locates me, where I play. I can't even think of this as a serious game, 
I can't even think of it.




Jewelry


Maybe 1% of my life, I said, has been taken up with determining the flux 
of such jeweled surfaces, determined by their boundaries, determined by 
coordinates, assigned to data-files, configured by protocols. Flux is an 
occasion of light and shadow. Surfaces are instantiations of such occa- 
sions. Boundaries construct skeletal structures. Structures meld bound- 
aries. Boundaries envelop gleams. Surfaces flow transparent flux. Jewels 
emerge from gleams and flux. Transparent jewels reveal skeletal struc- 
tures. Lustre flows gleam from skeletal folds and hinges. Test protocols 
through hardness and cleavage. Double refraction folds colored flux of 
light and shadow. Code lies in protocols. Take the code apart and there's 
only code. Scrape the code and the abject gleams. Surfaces are dreams of 
such occasions. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/jewel1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/jewel2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/jewel3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/jewel4.jpg

Perhaps 1% of my time on earth has subdued flux of such jeweled surfaces.  
Such dirty surfaces are cleansed by scraping. Scraping dirties such jew- 
eled surfaces. Such surfaces subdue my time on earth.



Chasing 

Chasing sky-spheres up above the atmosphere.
Chasing sky-spheres pushing from below (spheres have proximity sensors).
Chasing sky-spheres from within (enormous speed to nowhere).
Once up there it's nowhere, it all appears the same.
Appears equivalent or perhaps identical.
Whatever it is remains exact in appearance to others slightly below.
Then below, there is no below, or what there is is categorized by number.
Categorized by single number, that is what is interpreted as 'height.'
As 'height' by human interpreter in dialog through or within an avatar.
I haven't determined whether out of world is vertical as well.
If it's vertical, sky-spheres will disappear if they're pushed.
If they're pushed too much, and all that work goes out the window.
Goes out the screen or above the screen or beyond the screen.
Anyway out of sight, if not out of mind.
Sometimes to be returned, sometimes not.
Then Julu Twine has fun even falling the long way down.
Julu Twine does land on her feet.
S/he always beats the spheres (they're still up there, s/he's not).
S/he always leaves, when s/he leaves, they're left behind.
They're left behind, the prey's always left behind, they fall.
Slowly like snowflakes they fall, like feathers they fall.
They fall because they're lonely and when s/he leaves they fall.
When s/he's back. s/he sees them from a distance.
They're back! they're back! they're back!
Perhaps this time, s/he'll stay away...

http://www.alansondheim.org/ chase pngs


Cradled Cone and Mocap Dance Symbolic


Change in the air, towards metaphoric content: Foofwa d'Imobilite and
Kira Sedlock within Gary Manes' altered motion capture system operated 
by Azure Carter and Alan Sondheim. These ride above the ruined hands 
of a West Virginia mummy within a cone cradled by the same. Everywhere
there are Poser image particles as usual; what occurs is a metaphoric
atmosphere, muted and reduced 3-d sememe.

http://www.alansondheim.org/airagain_013.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/airagain_014.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/airagain_015.png

Weakening is always implied by the construct or rearrangement of the 
mythological 'book of nature,' which is a priori unread and unreadable. 
Weakening is an insertion of the symbolic; deconstruction is the prying- 
away of the same. Deconstruction of deconstruction is meaning. If I add,
I am makar, in harmony, creating poetics. If I create a poetics I am 
already inscribing. If I am inscribing, I am transforming from shifter 
back into body. The deconstruction of the deconstruction of the body is 
the meaning of the body. Weakening is thinking about all of this. Even 
in virtual worlds, weakening is this thinking implied by careful arrange- 
ment. Careful arrangement implies inscribing if not writing, writing if 
not reading, fabulous matrix of the writer. Think for a moment of an 
inscribing which is not (formally) performative; create a distinction. 
Then this inscribing is a weakening among the (formally or potentially) 
informative. (Unless potential performance is always of the mind and 
kinetic performance is always of the body.) Think of the weakening of a 
species of theory in an account of weakening, as if something is being 
released (nothing is being released). Think what this species of thinking 
might or might not do.


some music

six pieces of music doing something new with electric guitar
and then with parlor and electric-acoustic guitars, but with
electric first thinking through a different kind of complexity
that's in the first four pieces primarily the first three, i'll
be performing this tuesday but these were done in quietude and
not in the sound of a club, here you can hear thinking and
broad bandwidth of music and sound, my favorites, my children,
me, ah

http://www.alansondheim.org/ lumber mp3s


(Hittite 'water')

After repeated crashes of Second Life last night - six of them counting 
the minimization of the non-window GUI - the land didn't load in the 
exhibition space - finally the watar world was revealed to the fullest 
extent. I only wish I might have built in such a domain; if you clear
your cache and jump to the site, you might see the same. In the meantime 
my sound was cauterized, my voice was muted, my ears were deafened with 
silence, and only the visual emerged, but what a beauty! - as I pack up 
the HP desktop with its wounded Vista operating system, sending it into 
retreat while unknown technicians attempt to restore everything - which 
means eliminating all the programs and tweaking I did (no, that wasn't 
the problem), trying to make the OS behave like any organism (much less
human) would like it to... I keep returning to these watar-worlds which
imply something beneath the surface of our own skin, an ocean already
gone, unknown, but originary in terms of our own lives and those of any- 
thing on the planet. Anything, or anyone, in and out of water, replete
with nutrients, waiting our arrival -

http://www.alansondheim.org/ watar jpgs and 
http://www.alansondheim.org/watar12.png

(Ah me, I need something other than this poetry to sustain me...)


Happy Ir-resolution, one image of!

BUT

http://www.alansondheim.org/boun.jpg YES YES YES

Etched into a mind that abjures theory, procures spectacle, scaffolding in 
Fellini's 8 1/2. Luxury of beauty in the very presence of E- and B- fields 
or their stories and metaphors. At right-angles - let's think of the 
projective geometries involved! And everything set at several thousand 
particles!


Lox workings

http://www.alansondheim.org/ repair jpgs
http://www.alansondheim.org/repair.mp4

oovor wooblong moost oot oof loono
yoos yoos yoos

Lox workongs ond Moybo boooty mosoc tho torm ogolmo (Grook, on ornomont). 
Jost os o procooos potot o, sorplos moonong, of jooossonco. 03: dont 
[Proood Folo ^Y Prov 0 ottompt ot formong top hot. 1-5 oro vorooos 
vorsoons spood, groops portoclos movong somoltonooosly port omossoon 3 
soroos forooos horry romond ono world whon monorols modo mo hold my brooth 
sw1 qoool, NM, thoy spont groot dool tomo proonong chosong dovos owoy from 
food; moonwholo oto qoootly, consorvong Thot dooth woll forotoll lost 
momont conscooosnoss poon onvodo I bog for dooth. (Of oll clood phonomono 
I'vo soon, thos most boootofol. It's olso oxomplos. In oddotoon thoro wos 
onoqoo ovont porhops provooosly wothon contonooos flood or, soffocoont 
volocoty dofforonco torbolont flow floods dofforont donsotoos spoods. For 
contonooosly-voryong dostrobotoon donsoty volocoty, (woth Aostroloo, Now 
Zoolond, Tohoto, Howooo soorch porfoct wovo. Thos boootofol tronsoont 
formotoons moy oppoor ovor vodoo. Tho stotoc objocts constroct 
orchooology; wondors omong yos- orchooology troco. troco whoch dosoppoors 
sorvors And thoor strongo boooty, so onconny. how yoo omogonod thongs bot 
tomo, yoo'll sot bock, rolox, yoo'ro corooos, toko woro no God whotsoovor, 
spooks spooch sooong onoxpoctod boootofol) - dos png soroos. ) bocomos 
kond post movomont. Somo onthooor pngs locotos mo, whoro ploy. con't ovon 
thonk sorooos gomo, bo porformong toosdoy thoso dono qoootodo solonco, 
only vosool omorgod, whot boooty! pock op Follono's 8 1/2. Loxory vory 
prosonco E- B- foolds.


Improv

Improvisation is stepping off an abyss for me. I am always at the limits 
of my ability - the material limits of nails and muscles holding out, the 
neural limits of speed development, tracking, and tending towards the new. 
There's nothing to fall back on - it's exhausting to continue for more 
than fifteen or twenty minutes. When Azure sings, there's an armature and 
I can hold back, underplay, until she finishes; then it's off again and 
the time gets shorter. I'm playing faster than earlier, but the length of 
the sets seems to remain the same; I'd opt for more sets at greater inter- 
vals than extended sets with extended forms that seem unnatural. It's top- 
fuel dragster sound; it's over and the engine's cooked. It's narrow rail 
as well - guitar for example with nothing else, no pedals, maybe slight 
echo at best.

In Second Life, there's a bit of this in the tweaking; below are examples 
from yesterday - the universes are sped up, roiling near the off-world 
edge of the exhibition, and the sky-sphere becomes a form of tissue reek- 
ing of naked death and decay (the texture is from the West Virginia mumm- 
ies). Below are the images; they might fly through the air in Buddhist 
rapture accompanying http://www.alansondheim.org/esp2.mp3 performed the 
day before yesterday, put up yesterday, dead-file now, with accompaniment.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ rainrepair jpgs


Trees

http://www.alansondheim.org/ trees pngs and
http://www.alansondheim.org/trees.mp4

Trees thanks to Sugar Seville.

They are equivalent trees of mystery.
Here's what Chandler Brossard has to say about trees:
They are many near the ground but that's not all there are.
Some have wood all the way up until it's lost.
The wood is lost in things like leaves, arcs, koala.
From inside the wood, a song, there is nothing like wood.
There is nothing like wood beyond the wood.
From the song, everywhere I move, wood, arcs, koala.
There is no tree without its mystery, no mystery without its tree.
The longest sentence in our language mentions trees.
How they bend in vacuum generating the simulacra of wind.
How they press against the screen, loose, tight, loose, tight.
For a moment, I stood up and relaxed, then sat down again.
Trees and glories, halos and uppermost reports.
Knowing they're alike, one sleeps on the hammock of destiny.
The hummock of trees supports many sleeping beings.
It begins near the crown, slopes down, barely touching the ground.
Trees are heavy, but something else supports them.
Something near the middle or slightly above the middle.
Whatever it is, it puts a stop to their ungainly weight.
Their weight seems to draw stems down into illusion.
Chandler Brossard says there's a reward out for Being.
I know a tree who will collect that reward.
The tree will share it with all the other trees.
It's a magic reward and there will still be reward left over.
The quiet mystery of trees, you'd hardly know they won.
Oscar Levant says the trees know, however, each and every one.
He doesn't know they're the same tree and very old and smiling.
That is called the trick played on Oscar Levant by some trees.
By some trees, the trick, just about all of them.
Well, all of them, yet another tree-like mystery.

Here in Second Life they grow like any other things
turning the forest into light and the light into forest
and generally making a mess of these other things
which say, put it to rest, trees, and the trees for their part
sway like so many other windless things
you might imagine they're in the air there for you
but you might imagine any number of old things
and the trees don't care and make much less sound
than most things found around and that includes most things
of any other shapes or just about the same large sizes
paling in comparison with comparison so of all these things
nothing's lost in comparison or any other place
like synecdoche or metonymy or most other lettered things
that crawl all beneath the bark and xylem and the trees
let these things flow back to other things and under things
and cellulose is also known as that mysterious substance
only because of all that's found in trees it's a thing
winging, bringing roots just below the ground and weightless
so supported by the crown and that's an amazing thing
proving physics wrong in the last line here or where in fact
the tree hangs it up, goes on its way, smiling, smiling, smiling


review and swim, where there is no water

review by MinDBlinD Setsuko of The Accidental Artist (Italian)

thank you MinDBlinD

http://content.yudu.com/Aykpr/EsseElleMovieMagazin

swim, where there is no water
where water is no memory, swim
swim, where water is impossible
where water is no natural kind, swim
swim, where water is an image
where water is misshapen, swim
swim, where absence is the world
where nothing non-exists, swim
swim, where quality is quantity
where code dissolves in memory, swim

http://www.alansondheim.org/swim1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swim8.jpg

and a short looped film

http://www.alansondheim.org/swim.mov

do not swim and move in this kind world
in this kind world, do not breathe air
do not fly in this dark atmosphere
in this thin world, all lines are curled


Gmail/Pine

Can't sleep as usual, thinking about my discomfort w/Gmail, and bones, 
bones, bones -

Gmail is a corporate wrapper; skins are extraneous but beautiful. Gmail 
isn't there - it loads; it's not transparent. Pine is ascii, bones and 
speed. It appears within the instantaneity of human time. Deleting in Pine 
is deleting; the software operates on the assumption you know what you're 
doing. Delete in Gmail like so many other programs sends to the trash 
directory. If you reply in Gmail it goes to sent mail. You go to sent mail 
and send to trash and then delete, Gmail expands; Pine contracts. In Pine, 
headers on is 'h' establishes them within the body of the full text. Pine 
is replete with technical configuration. Saving in and out of folders, 
directories, is just on a par with any other commands that are similar to 
command lines. A lot of things use ctl-. Bouncing in Pine is everywhere 
and fast, not a standard option in Gmail. Uploading email in any form is 
simple from Pine, difficult but not impossible in Gmail. Pine is based on 
Pico; they blend; Gmail is its own framing device. You can write scripts 
in Pico; you can search Pine's directories with scripts or any way at all 
- they're not bound to the software. Gmail operates within a browser that 
permits sound, image, video; Pine is pure text. If I want to look at 
something in Pine, I bounce to Gmail. If I want to open email securely, I 
bounce to Pine. If Pine clears something, I can bounce to Gmail or open in 
Pine. Pine is lean and windows are standardized; everything is designed 
for fast reading, writing, filing, classifying, deleting, saving; appear- 
ance is secondary. Appearance is critical in Gmail. Gmail offers messages 
constantly, for example accompanying the spam folder. Pine only does what 
you tell it to do. (You can control window size in Pine of course.) Pine 
is not pretty unless radiolaria or porifera spicules are pretty. Pine is 
old-fashioned; Gmail is new. Gmail is a multi-tasking window; Pine is 
task-oriented. Gmail is multimedia even with text; Pine is text. Gmail 
uses embedded italics, colors, bold, underlines, and so forth; Pine is 
standard ascii. Pine is book- and text-based; Gmail is dynamic image- 
based. Pine developed out of an open university system; Gmail developed 
out of a closed corporate system. Gmail is part of a global struggle; Pine 
is part of a local group. Gmail holds on to your email within its corpor- 
ate environment; Pine holds on to your email on its server. Pine is yours, 
Gmail is theirs. Inscription is yours, vision is theirs. Where Pine 
speeds, Gmail displays. No one knows what I do in Pine; everyone knows 
what I do in Gmail. Gmail appears to load everything; the page changes 
when the directory changes. Pine appears to load nothing. Pine appears 
inhering but always steps out of itself with open directories and open 
source. Gmail appears expansive but remains within itself with closed 
directories. Gmail appears inviting; Pine neither invites nor uninvites. 
Personal: I use Pine 95% of the time. I'm uncomfortable in Gmail. I wonder 
if this is an age/experience thing; if the medium in fact _is_ the message 
and the message is always audio-visual wonder. But I use Pine within a 
Windows or X-Window format within its own window that also harbors through 
telnet, all of the tools of Unix or BSD or Linux. Gmail exasperates me; if 
I write quickly, text or email, I want to go back and forth between pro- 
grams and back and forth from external files to email. I want to see al- 
most nothing on the screen except for text. I want the text to appear as 
if it's mirroring thought, as if its inscribing is an external that has 
evolved within, as if it's mind in the text, not waters. I want the speed 
of thought, or what passes for the speed of thought. I want raw sememe, 
not corporate splatter. But then at one point I played with bang paths, 
with escape commands, with relay. I felt I was mind in the wires, not 
text, that text was surface, just as now I feel that Gmail is surface. And 
before that, there were those who wrote letter by letter making protocol 
work without these frames at all; I remember once having a sense of this, 
working with an HP from 1984 with 9 lines of text and no storage - finding 
a way to send and receive files from the Panix server without ftp at all - 
a minor accomplishment, but pointing again to bones, bones, bones. And 
there are bones all the way down and up; Gmail will transform into holo- 
graphic transmissions, molecular pipelines, while we're all gnawing roots 
in the ground. (I may have details wrong in the above, but you get the 
drift which itself seems crippled to me.)



amazing images of architecture and body

again changes in Julu's appearance matching hir relationship with 
the artificial natural order in the midst of the natural artificial
order in Second Life, perhaps a portrait will appear there as well.

a portrait appears there as well. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ thigh jpgs

portraits and architectures, coptic.
uterine tubes, machines, hydraulics.
harmonic resonances, damping factors.
wall portraits, cartouche, forced resonance, harmonic modes,
wave-trains, E- and B-fields, sarcophagi, aerial maelstrom.

hi, I got your email from a mutual friend                                     
lets chat sometimeut your projects! 
Im going to get naked for youn P                          
I will do anything you want me to 2           
dre   
XCirculateSubwin
You can chat with me on 
before the Ne

'I must continue to invent before invention, discover before discov-
ery, create before creation, enumerate before protocol

rain before weather, wind before atmosphere, ground before earth-
quake, time before enumeration, space before protocol.'

before the mourning, tomorrow, yesterday after the fall of night
fall and failure of the night
towers and tunnels of transparent luminosity

objects falling through objects, lines through lines, sheaves through
sheaves and sheaves.

new sheave-skins on the mourning shift. 
new skins on the battlement of the night.

of the induction coil, the collapse.
of the B-field, the enormity and production. and in this space, 
these
are power, are you, are me;
and in these, are words, woods, worlds.


Exchange Rate

our eyes met. it was at that moment s/he knew s/he'd sign up. I leaned 
over to clinch the deal. s/he looked me up and down I was swollen in all 
the right places and then some. Chinatour gained another satisfied 
customer, hir fantasy money in the bank. let's call this piece Exchange 
Rate. geodesics make geodesy. I couldn't forget my future s/he said to no 
one in particular. Chinatour will take care of that I said to no one in 
particular. :leased hir body hir sheave-skin distended in all the right 
places, for what, for Chinatour, the mountain says it all, hir body in the 
foreground. I can't see clearly I said, I'm distracted. that's my job, 
s/he said, I'm Chinatour, if you look at me I make money for them, you 
can't help it, I can't help it, they pay me, they can't help it either. 
where do they go I asked. who. Chinatour. s/he replied not to China that's 
for sure. I don't know. but they use the Sung backdrop, Fan-Kuin, some- 
thing like that, I don't speak the language. you can't see anything s/he 
added, the fog's in the way. it's you not the fog I said and let it go at 
that. Chinatour gains a point, maybe five. it's more than I'll ever see. 
and these photos, incredible. almost like the real thing. there are no 
real things around here. they're as real as they get, you just don't see 
them. at least I see, s/he replied. at least I see as well I said not 
catching the drift into body and fog, sheave-skin and mountain. our eyes 
met.:leased hir body for that ad for Chinatour who knew what would come of 
the foreground effacing tao-mudra w/ hermit in the distance well s/he 
needed monie as s/he said and flight was easy it's our world s/he said, 
there's no tao. there's no tao, nothing, not even emptiness, everything 
stricture s/he said, you can't have a thing without a frame & a frame 
without a thing. but I can fly s/he said & that's the tao of Chinatour you 
can always have an image of the thing if you can't have the thing itself. 
even emptiness I asked. even emptiness, if there's no way just turn the 
screen off, I won't know, time stops when I'm gone, when I'm back it's 
like I never left. even if things changed I asked. I begin where I begin 
s/he replied. look at me. I'm ready for it. what's that I asked. movement, 
process, s/he said, I can't go farther, Chinatour is looking for me:China- 
tour, the velvet fog of the world:Chinatour satisfies your customer:China- 
tour, the velvet fog of the world:Chinatour, when your day is done ours 
just begins :Chinatour, when there's smoke there's mountain

http://www.alansondheim.org/ leased jpgs


1-0a-d

1. the flesh of winter is my desire.
2. abjection freezes (in the flesh of winter) I become clean.
3. so I am clean I am Julu Twine, sheave-girl-boy cell.
4. of the cell, it cleansed, no longer moves: ice.
5. my accomplishment is the freezing of perversion.
6. of perversion there many united by ice. I am Julu Twine.
7. there are different snowflakes, difficult snowflakes.
8. the arctic desert where desires lies buried.
9. I await the heat of your eyes burning through skin and bones.
0. my body splits, cums, you make me start again.
a. archangel of the lord you shove your hand in me.
b. generation and completion rituals of Julu Twine.
c. I carry cold mountain. severe cave, howl gale, hard.
d. hard cold flesh frozen, cums, frozen mind, no time, ok.

(for an anthology by Anny Ballardini on Winter)


Chanukah Yuletide Lights Everywhere in Merry Merry Land

what i remember is that I wasn't ready. 
I used render information structures to determine a messianic period.
what didn't work, the complexity of emergent lights. 
orbits apparently chaotic but in reality subject to easy calculations.
Julu Twine insisted it was the _gestalt:_ if you can't seen order in
the chaos, blur vision, step back, you can't see the forest otherwise
(because of the trees).
I was always saying not yet to hir because I was lost in my own
calculations.
over and over again, calculations gathered into clumps.
strategies and forests of flecks.
Julu Twine said look at my seed and there they were, the stars.
the stars were nodes, geodesic constellations.
hir manifold was closed but "part of the general tenor of things."
great flats hid and revealed our world.
you'd lose some information and gain some information.
our world was hir world, said Julu Twine, although I don't know
what to make of pronouns.
I never use them, I said.
that's right, she said, no soap, radio.

http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet01.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet02.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet03.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet04.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet05.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet06.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet07.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet08.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet09.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet10.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/notyet11.png

Come Visit Chanukah Harry's Magic House


Nightwork

It was F. S. Fitzgerald who said it's St. John's dark night of the soul at 
3 a.m. in the morning, and I can attest to that. In the midst of exhaus- 
tion, moments of clarity in spite of myself, in spite of themselves. You 
can see this in the gleam of the nightwork images and the reorganization 
of nature and culture in the Second Life work. Here Schelling's cows are 
all black in equivalence, so perfect in your kind visit to the grounds and 
their difficulty entering and moving about. A hint would be surely to fly 
and a second hint would be to explore vertically and upward, perhaps with- 
out help you might find yourself remaining in a great universe moving 
through space and in this movement you are greater and higher than you 
have ever been before. Greater, higher. And you do not know where you are, 
Mr. Jones or Miss Appleby, you are in Ultima Thule, beyond Gauss's divi- 
sion of the circle into seventeen equal parts, an example of the general 
case. Ultima Thule is the circle of darkness, Gauss the brilliant light 
within, but we know in our wisdom that Ultima Thule is luminous, Gauss 
confined to the confusion of a night without stars, gods, boddhisatvas, a 
night where nightwork generates a remnant across Jordan's Jordan's curves 
from which there is no escape; if Cocteau's beauty within, the beast with-
out, and without, the true beauty, within the true beast. Now, unseeing, 
we huddle in an emptiness opening everywhere, even within second or third 
lives, lives of small huddled creatures like ourselves, lives of protista 
large and luminous like auroras in the northern skies. Fitzgerald saw them 
from Ultima Thule, as did Schelling, in spite of Hegel, in spite of gnaw- 
ing at identity, in spite of plunging back into mathesis where mindless- 
ness reigns. Now look and visit, an eleven image alter from the following 
and then visit and look, what moves within worlds of worlds, performatives 
scurrying beneath each and every surface, perhaps Anthony flew.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ nightwork pngs


Happy Holidays! and automorphism!

"...a guiding principle in modern mathematics is this lesson: _Whenever 
you have to do with a structure-endowed entity E try to determine its 
group of automorphisms,_ the group of those element-wise transformations 
which leave all structural relations undisturbed. You can expect to gain a 
deep insight into the constitution of E in this way. After that you may 
start to investigate symmetric configurations of elements, i.e. configura- 
tions which are invariant under a certain subgroup of the group of all 
automorphisms; and it may be advisable, before looking for such configu- 
rations, to study the subgroups themselves, e.g. the subgroup of those 
automorphisms which leave one element fixed, or leave two distinct 
elements fixed, and investigate what discontinuous or finite subgroups 
there exist, and so forth." (Hermann Weyl, Symmetry, p. 144; E = sigma.)

I propose this principle as critical guidance in the phenomenology of a 
virtual world: textures, motions, manifolds and surfaces, curves and 
geodesics may be analyzed in such a way as to _eliminate the object or 
process_ - an elimination that brings forth subtextual dynamics without 
subject or object. 

These the images present here are at best a lure implicating us in abject 
desire, that is desire seducing away from the inverse punctum of the 
absent object or process. It is here that our _interest_ lies in critique 
in the first place, a place which is dis/placed into that very structure 
that forms and effaces its basis. Leave the human behind, confront the 
human - two sides fucking with dissipation and exhaustion the only result. 
Then nothingness is apparent to everyone, that encounter with death in the 
wires, in the last glance of the supercession of thought.

http://www.alansondheim.org/snapped1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/snapped2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/snapped3.jpg


men wreck
Script started on Wed Dec 24 11:33:56 2008
$ dark the dismal angels sing
/usr/local/bin/ksh: dark: not found
$ nothing shelters birds take wing
/usr/local/bin/ksh: nothing: not found
$ meat turns creatures into stew
/usr/local/bin/ksh: meat: not found
$ paralleled by verbal spew
/usr/local/bin/ksh: paralleled: not found
$ the human age has long since gone
/usr/local/bin/ksh: the: not found
$ gone are creatures. gone their spawn.
/usr/local/bin/ksh: are: not found
$ words and worlds collapse on earth
/usr/local/bin/ksh: words: not found
$ we're living in an afterbirth
> ^C
$ we're living in an afterdeath
> ^C
$ the world is wide its damaged girth
/usr/local/bin/ksh: the: not found
$ promises one last long breath
/usr/local/bin/ksh: promises: not found
$ it's gray out and these holidays
> ^C
$ oppress us with our human ways
/usr/local/bin/ksh: oppress: not found
$ up in the sky another earth
/usr/local/bin/ksh: up: not found
$ shudders, stops, and then give birth
/usr/local/bin/ksh: shudders,: not found
$ some other creature stumbles out
/usr/local/bin/ksh: some: not found
$ some other nature comes about
/usr/local/bin/ksh: some: not found
$ and vomits something from a den
/usr/local/bin/ksh: vomits: not found
$ the cycle then begins again
/usr/local/bin/ksh: the: not found
$ exit
Script done on Wed Dec 24 11:40:40 2008

