==

* at http://www.alansondheim.org/

 beme2.jpg               13-Feb-2009 17:47  119K  
 beme1.jpg               13-Feb-2009 17:47   94K  
 while1.png              13-Feb-2009 17:47  105K  
 while2.png              13-Feb-2009 17:47  143K  
 while3.png              13-Feb-2009 17:47  243K  
 beme4.jpg               13-Feb-2009 17:47   74K  
 beme3.jpg               13-Feb-2009 17:47  109K  

beautiful!


touch me

http://www.alansondheim.org/ touchme jpgs

Alan Sondheim: i am so undone 15-Feb-2009 02:35:44 GMT

Alan Sondheim: when i say touch me i mean touch me 15-Feb-2009 02:35:54 
GMT

Alan Sondheim: when i say i'm wet i'm wet and when 15-Feb-2009 02:36:03 
GMT

Alan Sondheim: i say i'm hot i'm hot 15-Feb-2009 02:36:08 GMT

Alan Sondheim: but you do nothing you stand there 15-Feb-2009 02:36:19 GMT

Alan Sondheim: but you do nothing when i say smell me 15-Feb-2009 02:36:25 
GMT

Alan Sondheim: i have a smell that makes grown men and women weep 
15-Feb-2009 02:36:36 GMT

Alan Sondheim: weep for joy and desire to touch 15-Feb-2009 02:36:43 GMT

Alan Sondheim: yet nothing perhaps in the absence of air 15-Feb-2009 
02:36:58 GMT

Alan Sondheim: perhaps "there's nothing there in the absence of air" 
15-Feb-2009 02:37:11 GMT

Alan Sondheim: i speak plainly, sir, do i not 15-Feb-2009 02:37:30 GMT

Alan Sondheim: i speak plainly, girl, don't i 15-Feb-2009 02:37:39 GMT

Alan Sondheim: but you do nothing i can't get close to you 15-Feb-2009 
02:37:51 GMT

Alan Sondheim: i can't get close enough i can never get close enough 
15-Feb-2009 02:37:59 GMT

Alan Sondheim: mr linden how do you do can you get close to me 15-Feb-2009 
02:38:11 GMT

Alan Sondheim: and mr linden does nothing he's asleep he can't smell me 
why i bet if he was awake he couldn't smell me either 15-Feb-2009 02:38:38 
GMT

Alan Sondheim: he couldn't touch me if his life depended on it 15-Feb-2009 
02:38:48 GMT

Alan Sondheim: i bet if he got wet the servers would go down *chuckle* 
sparks would fly *chuckle* why mr linden it's just like the world has come 
to end 15-Feb-2009 02:39:35 GMT

Alan Sondheim: did i not read this about the world sir that it has a smell 
15-Feb-2009 02:39:54 GMT

Alan Sondheim: that it has a hardness to it no pun intended sir 
15-Feb-2009 02:40:04 GMT

Alan Sondheim: that what's wet burns electric through scalp and skin 
raising the temperature of it 15-Feb-2009 02:40:25 GMT

Alan Sondheim: so when i do say touch me i do mean what i say and i do not 
mean what i say and 15-Feb-2009 02:40:49 GMT

Alan Sondheim: i am so confused am i not 15-Feb-2009 02:40:56 GMT

Alan Sondheim: am i not so confused 15-Feb-2009 02:41:02 GMT



ob/scene

i hesitated to put these images up; they'll remain for a day or two, 
that's all. they're a psycho/logical extension/end to the problematic of 
touch in Second Life or other (current) virtual worlds; sexuality is a 
question of the visual, and nothing more, although touch is a promise and 
a premise. avatars approach to an extent but here 'touch me' is an 
impossibility and an aporia. what's chased down disappears, dries out. 

these images aren't pornographic, although they appear anatomical at the 
least. they were part and parcel of motion capture experiments: what if a 
single sensor were inserted into the body (near the hip, the root node) - 
and every other sense held still? This is the inverse of the usual state 
of affairs, in which the root node is stationary and everything else 
moves. So here the body becomes a sexualized writing instrument; at the 
same time, it produces a genital mapping that distorts and discomforts the 
viewer - as if the flesh somehow "made it" into Second Life on its own.

i request you ignore these images if explicit imagery offends you; they'll 
only be up for a few days. in the installation, they remain buried deep in 
the spheres, as if there were organs and membranes among the avatars that 
couldn't quite be contained. here however, they're brought to the surface 
by virtue of the still, hence anatomical image.

i request you ignore the texts if explicit text offends you; the text will 
remain, it suggests, seduces, attacks, withdraws, pleads; it remains 
buried in the unconscious, in the subconscious, in the preconscious, in 
consciousness, as if there were procuring among the avatars, as if there 
were love among the avatars, that couldn't quite be contained, that could 
be brought to the surface, by pleading, begging, seducing, withdrawing, 
withdrawing, withdrawing ...

http://www.alansondheim.org/ slab jpg series

the best get if you have the chance, is to go to the installation; at this 
point you'll want to fly in, then 'stop flying' and drop into the middle 
of the floor.

installation url: http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22
mail archive:  http://sondheim.rupamsunyata.org/


ob/scene (images listed might well not be up)

i hesitated to put these images up; they'll remain for a day or two, 
that's all. they're a psycho/logical extension/end to the problematic of 
touch in Second Life or other (current) virtual worlds; sexuality is a 
question of the visual, and nothing more, although touch is a promise and 
a premise. avatars approach to an extent but here 'touch me' is an 
impossibility and an aporia. what's chased down disappears, dries out. 

these images aren't pornographic, although they appear anatomical at the 
least. they were part and parcel of motion capture experiments: what if a 
single sensor were inserted into the body (near the hip, the root node) - 
and every other sense held still? This is the inverse of the usual state 
of affairs, in which the root node is stationary and everything else 
moves. So here the body becomes a sexualized writing instrument; at the 
same time, it produces a genital mapping that distorts and discomforts the 
viewer - as if the flesh somehow "made it" into Second Life on its own.

i request you ignore these images if explicit imagery offends you; they'll 
only be up for a few days. in the installation, they remain buried deep in 
the spheres, as if there were organs and membranes among the avatars that 
couldn't quite be contained. here however, they're brought to the surface 
by virtue of the still, hence anatomical image.

i request you ignore the texts if explicit text offends you; the text will 
remain, it suggests, seduces, attacks, withdraws, pleads; it remains 
buried in the unconscious, in the subconscious, in the preconscious, in 
consciousness, as if there were procuring among the avatars, as if there 
were love among the avatars, that couldn't quite be contained, that could 
be brought to the surface, by pleading, begging, seducing, withdrawing, 
withdrawing, withdrawing ...

http://www.alansondheim.org/ slab jpg series

the best get if you have the chance, is to go to the installation; at this 
point you'll want to fly in, then 'stop flying' and drop into the middle 
of the floor.

installation url: http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22
mail archive:  http://sondheim.rupamsunyata.org/


I surprise myself. To this day I live in this dead world where men are 
obscene and women forgive.

... my failure to slow down, to stop producing an obscenity of voyeur and 
exhibitionist, couplings where truth no longer exists. (Rage consumes me
in this dead world men are obscene.)

"echoing like an obscene Narcissus splashed wet with spit's reflection,
wrapping them together in an obscene language that sapped his body..."

debris beneath the surface, our obscene nature itself, and people thinking 
when they move the bodies of others into obscene surfaces, nature is read, 
and processed differently (than ordinary language just as etc. etc.)

I fear I have not given into my desires, have not been obscene, but then 
whoredom and other obscene couplings surprise me in a kind of proxy...

Paste is who we are, obscene twin tumors cathected into one another, bored
through networks and cables, extensions, so said obscene Jennifer, removed
from "this dead world where men are obscene and women forgive."

She does me - inconceivable, obscene things! I think of doing the same to 
her! I felt my shirt, wet with blood; my eyes were blinded by the obscene 
- there's no return. Jennifer: "Dignity in dying is the scene transfigur- 
ing our destruction."

... dismissive, depressive, hysteric, obscene, furious, a nuisance, a 
pest, too much video, killage obscenen and everywhere of language, to get 
at obscene auroras with their unearthly colors reflecting the future of 
destruction ...

... the presymbolic_appearance._ The obscene is that which is unspeakable, 
determinate and "wobbly." The obscene does away with culture; with my 
cock, musk comes on like an obscene lure; she presses her cunt, an obscene 
coupling, my flesh sewn back into special relativity, built up obscenely 
as the speed of light ...

This nation is obscene we worry about a breast have 2 mil in jail / i am a 
fraud a hypocrite can't write obscene i am nightmare / nation obscene 
fined symptom horror 'poor' hurting redefined building / something / some- 
time ...

- The obscene and its obscene relation to the skin - obscene cannibalism, 
torture fire, death obscenity course, proxy softness, current like obscene 
outriggers, even though it's the riding we care for, like debris beneath 
the surface - our obscene nature itself.

debris beneath the surface - our obscene nature itself.

people thinking they move the bodies of others into obscenity, obscene or 
sexual imagery. but then hir obscenely; s/he is wracked by them; the 
camera documents ... obscene or sexual imagery.

[6:38] Julu Twine: "In other words the "obscene" is processed."



neoneo

neoneo jpgs @ http://www.alansondheim.org/ up for short time

reworking of OCAD site slab images coming down

obscene and women forgive. in this dead world men are obscene.) "echoing 
like an obscene Narcissus splashed wet with spit's reflection, wrapping 
them together in an obscene language that sapped his body..." debris 
beneath the surface, our obscene nature itself, and people thinking when 
they move the bodies of others into obscene surfaces, nature is read, I 
fear I have not given into my desires, have not been obscene, but then 
whoredom and other obscene couplings surprise me in a kind of proxy... 
Paste is who we are, obscene twin tumors cathected into one another, bored 
through networks and cables, extensions, so said obscene Jennifer, removed 
from "this dead world where men are obscene and women forgive." She does 
me - inconceivable, obscene things! I think of doing the same to her! I 
felt my shirt, wet with blood; my eyes were blinded by the obscene ... 
dismissive, depressive, hysteric, obscene, furious, a nuisance, a pest, 
too much video, killage obscenen and everywhere of language, to get at 
obscene auroras with their unearthly colors reflecting the future of ... 
the presymbolic_appearance._ The obscene is that which is unspeakable, 
determinate and "wobbly." The obscene does away with culture; with my , 
musk comes on like an obscene lure; she presses her , an obscene coupling, 
my flesh sewn back into special relativity, built up obscenely This nation 
is obscene we worry about a breast have 2 mil in jail / i am a fraud a 
hypocrite can't write obscene i am nightmare / nation obscene - The 
obscene and its obscene relation to the skin - obscene cannibalism, 
torture fire, death obscenity course, proxy softness, current like obscene 
the surface - our obscene nature itself. debris beneath the surface - our 
obscene nature itself. people thinking they move the bodies of others into 
obscenity, obscene or sexual imagery. but then hir obscenely; s/he is 
wracked by them; the camera documents ... obscene or sexual imagery. 
[6:38] Julu Twine: "In other words the "obscene" is processed."



scent of nothing these


http://www.alansondheim.org/neww1.png
cuddled in here between urls 1
sunflower aichi and myself in dance ocad hybrid installation
i'm dressed conservatively. well, i thought, before was too much
someone looked and said "you're nude" with great surprise

http://www.alansondheim.org/neww2.png
so i thought, out with the old, in with the new, not fashionable
but not provocative either
as usual sex changing m to f to m to f etc. etc. 
but the _outfit_ didn't work so mfmfmfmf
anyway, where were we - the dance
then this image, my face showed, embarrassment
hardly know how to move and that thing on the right was the 
new image generator, i saw "was" because it was nothing less than
absurd, soon i changed it

http://www.alansondheim.org/neww3.png
i kept thinking, what is this, if the image is sexual should i
censor, self-sensor, what is this i'm doing to myself, nothing to
you maybe making you comfortable maybe
so the shot from below, like up at nicely clad people,there's that
image "i was" above, looking down, these particles / 
images everywhere
later i kept them in the installation but not for myself, so this
is a bold image from below as i said, the face looking down,
i should add the face at sunset which is different from the other
floating face round and about

http://www.alansondheim.org/neww4.png
went back to the nude form wearing altered gaz-skin, female here
spewing poser models everywhere, male and female, oh how i tried
for a balance, dojoji's dancing again, solo again, daytime face 
a bit clearer on the right, so i thought to myself, well there's
nudity here but it's mfmfmfmfmfmf...fmffmfmfmfmf... count them if
you want, at least enough for some sort of equivalence
then whose spew is it, well most of these things come from the land
itself, 1001 meters up in the airless air of second life
all alone with my images and image smoke in the airless air

http://www.alansondheim.org/neww5.png
seduced by color. i was "seduced by color." particle transforms
involve color transforms, everything lovely in the sunset sky, i'm
dancing, peering out from my dancing, don't know how long i can 
perform like this "don't know how long i can perform like this."

http://www.alansondheim.org/neww6.png
i'm peering out, wondering, is this what i want to do, is this what
i was born for, i'm getting too old to dance, how much longer can i
go on, you can see the worry in my face
and so high up as well

http://www.alansondheim.org/neww7.png
i returned alone to odyssey and reworked some of the spheres, too
much sexuality, even for me, even though the sexuality, muted, was
nothing more than inserted sensors, registering untoward movement
so here is the daytime face which is what i call the winter face,
not _my avatar_ any longer, but present and there and mesmerizing 
a space which has been for far too long, alone, confused, cathected,
decathected, dissolved, disbursed

http://www.alansondheim.org/neww8.png
more, more in odyssey and upside-down with the sunset face
i'm dancing alone yet again, yet still, there's nothing more to it,
at least for the viewer maybe something shows up
something of interest

http://www.alansondheim.org/neww9.png
last but earlier, sunflower aichi and dojoji me dancing at ocad,
from before, but i wasn't sure, from below, but nothing prurient,
nothing more than crossed legs in furious movement and i lived in
this chaste image as if i would live forever and ever, i won't live
that long, i won't live much longer, there's the face again, looking
down, spoiling, despoiling me, seeing right through me, there's not
a thing to be seen, nothing, it's all safe, the world is cleansed
as usual, democracy's safe, capital's on the rise...


various -

again body/cyborg transformations
http://www.alansondheim.org/ masque pngs
still working w/ body images for a while longer

next step - almost invisible objects everywhere

older html
http://www.alansondheim.org/html - some older experiments with html
that still seem to be functioning

please check out
http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22

- the site probably won't be up much longer and I'm experimenting with it;
at the moment it has an increase in faces / spheres
you can still enter it but with difficulty
best to fly above
try turning glows (shaders) off in preferences / graphics /custom
try different times of day - from the main menu environment
try sitting on some of the moving objects, see where they take you
try clicking on some of the objects - they'll teleport you / bounce you
around



attached twist

yes well http://www.alansondheim.org/ twist pngs - adjusting particle 
generation over and over again, until this density is reached, drawing is 
perfected, the sky becomes a magic slate for anyone to read

you see, writing goes against the grain of the sky / with the grain of the 
sky, writing is this way, in dialog with "generated" weather. so dojoji 
writes / wrytes and the sky transforms, dojoji is transformed by behavior 
collision, nothing is perfect, everything conspires, who knows what the 
result will be

yes well http://www.alansondheim.org/ attached pngs - closeups of the 
"attachment" which is generally the case (all limbs, all organs, are 
attachments), as if there were a prime mover, ready to fall to the floor, 
on male or female body, thing or lozenge. particle generation was turned 
off for these images. it's the hysteria of the cornucopia, one is always 
uneasy with these images and words

the twist images are beautiful, the attached bizarre, the masque uneasy, 
the neoneo uncomfortable, the project most likely nearing end, the end- 
time, time of experimentation, dawn of the dusk, dusk of the dawn, for 
tracking track-track

http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22

everyone's given up on me...


rring

there's always another series always convergent
they go from one to another to another but always go from one to that 
 singular object at the hart of the world
the hart is where the flight is
the flight is in the vicinity of the target = the flight tends towards
 the target
what converges, shatters on the binary
the ring does what the thing does
  http://www.alansondheim.org/ rring series
the ring does what the thing does
what converges, shatters on the binary
the flight is in the vicinity of the target = the flight tends towards
 the target
the hart is where the flight is = the targe is where the flight is
they go from one to another to another but always go from one to that 
 singular object at the hart of the world
there's always another series always convergent


this morning
i thought i had only fourteen years to do anything at all
i worried that it was too late to continue playing new instruments
i felt my manuscripts were permanently unpublishable
i sorrowed over azure accompanying my life
i was grateful for azure's kindness, intelligence, beauty, compassion
i was saddened i could never learn another language
i shuddered over never leaving this godforsaken polluted new york loft
i feared we'd end up homeless and sick
i knew that somehow i should welcome death 
i was cowardly in the face of welcoming
i was sure everyone thought the second life installation was a mistake
i felt i'd outworn my online welcome 
i was positive the second life installation was too much too old too dead
i thought about my body collapsing from now until i died
i felt everything my body does now is a sign and a vector
i hated and feared death more than anything else
i cried over death and the fear of death and hopelessness
i thought i should get out of bed and get to work before it was too late
i thought there's not enough time left for anything but important things
i knew what was important and what wasn't for me
i mourned over the total loss of faith that brought me to this impasse
i tried to bypass fear and mourning and started studying physics
i studied physics and finished an eighteenth-century play
i read about sardinian music and internet pornography
i knew that nothing would work for long
i knew going online was temporary at best
i searched for distractions and found none
i cried over how little time i had left
i mourned over the vile and the fury
i thought the new worlds were dead, the old ones never alive
i thought nothing was ever alive
i considered suicide as a bypass
i thought the bypass would literally dead-end and then what
i contemplated the what
http://www.alansondheim.org/thenewworld.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thenuworld.jpg
i wanted to leave as quickly as possible, the day slate-grey, external 
turns nowhere of particular movement, as the world slowly disinvested
itself of me and my kind, of me, what sadness, oh.



LAST DAYS OF ODYSSEY INSTALLATION IN SECOND LIFE (and a couple texts)


Please note that the Accidental Artist at Odyssey is coming down in a few 
days, after close to nine months! I'd appreciate it if you have the time 
and energy to look at the installation in its final form. You might have 
to fly around the place or teleport, but it's pretty spectacular; it goes 
up to a height of around 980 virtual meters. Please do check it out - it's 
unique in Second Life and probably has taken longer than any other work to 
assemble. Thanks, Alan

| To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
| http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22

i
story found inserted into a book by Jung:

"Write a story about a disheveled homeless man who gets on a delayed
train and starts talking to himself. The passengers think he's crazy. 
So when he says 'get off the train' the child takes him off. No one
listens and the train crashes. The homeless man and the girl start a
friendship."

ii
Julu: hello 23-Feb-2009 19:26:59 GMT
Julu: now again 23-Feb-2009 19:28:02 GMT
Julu: oh no! 23-Feb-2009 19:28:18 GMT
Julu: hello here we are aren't we 23-Feb-2009 19:28:35 GMT
Julu: yes we are 23-Feb-2009 19:28:49 GMT
Julu: but at my end... 23-Feb-2009 19:29:03 GMT
Julu: what has gott wrot 23-Feb-2009 19:32:42 GMT
Julu: not much hello today 23-Feb-2009 19:32:50 GMT
Julu: no? 23-Feb-2009 19:33:08 GMT
Julu: no 23-Feb-2009 19:33:14 GMT
Julu: not really 23-Feb-2009 19:33:28 GMT
Julu: but wait, not a moment to lose! 23-Feb-2009 19:34:22 GMT
Julu: honestly, I meant every word of it! 23-Feb-2009 19:34:37 GMT
Julu: hold on, hold your houses! 23-Feb-2009 19:34:54 GMT
Julu: here we go again! 23-Feb-2009 19:35:15 GMT
Julu: but... 23-Feb-2009 19:35:36 GMT
Julu: what I mean.. 23-Feb-2009 19:35:56 GMT
Julu: but here is something else 23-Feb-2009 19:36:07 GMT
Julu: before the virtual, the material - capital is virtual, its effects 
and ecology everywhere, its actions within the practical-inert. on one 
hand then: a tendency towards online virtualization and all that implies - 
on the other, the opposing flow of (virtual) capital and its corrosive 
effects. 23-Feb-2009 19:36:16 GMT
Julu: suddenly... 23-Feb-2009 19:36:29 GMT
Julu: a collapse... 23-Feb-2009 19:36:32 GMT
Julu: there you are... 23-Feb-2009 19:37:25 GMT
Julu: now 23-Feb-2009 19:37:33 GMT
Julu: or... 23-Feb-2009 19:37:44 GMT
Julu: I'd argue against that certainly! 23-Feb-2009 19:37:52 GMT
[Julu left the session] 23-Feb-2009 19:47:49 GMT
[Julu joined the session] 23-Feb-2009 19:50:20 GMT
Julu: I just was alas eliminated for delay 23-Feb-2009 19:50:40 GMT
Julu: la la la sorry! 23-Feb-2009 19:50:45 GMT
Julu: I am speak to myself yes? 23-Feb-2009 19:50:54 GMT
Julu: perhaps I am answer from you as well, alas 23-Feb-2009 19:51:02 GMT
Julu: but now look!, everything is normal more! 23-Feb-2009 19:51:17 GMT

==



Notes on e-poetry for an online seminar at De Montfort University 2/23


If you go to http://www.alansondheim.org/howard/ you'll see the materials
I used - the talk was on e-poetry and virtual worlds

the virtual, writing, inscription: intertwined dynamics, presencing, 
virtual and material strata

the linearity of writing melds with the passing of time, constructs the 
diegesis and the inhabiting of a text.

hypertext jumps you in and out of choice / reading and I think as a result 
is problematic - you're making choices within a production of the text, 
but you're taken out of the text to make the choices.

in virtual worlds, moving creates the dynamics of choice so that you're 
seeing or hearing signposts and signs, as if within the word, within the 
world, not within / without / within / etc.

in virtual worlds, languaging appears always dynamic and in any number of 
modes - it's the pleasure of the living text (to the extent that anything 
lives or survives in the virtual).

so there's a power and an incredible simplicity in working in Second Life 
for example - the database and software does almost all the work for you.

the next steps are portals - productions between virtual worlds or sectors 
of virtual worlds or real worlds; eventually all sorts of intrusions will 
be possible.

there are also behavioral signs. if you look at sprayed1 or swirl or 
vortices or writingmachine or kanji in the /howard/ directory, you'll see 
all sorts of ways for writing in the sky. these use either intrinsic 
motions scripted for objects, or extrinsic animation files scripted for 
avatars. the animation files come from altered motion capture files.

most of the image files in the /howard/ directory contain texts attached 
to objects. if you look at slscript.txt you'll see how these are done.

For the most recent texts, look in /howard/ at recent.txt - this contains 
my 'pertinent' writings from the last 2-3 weeks; for some of them I used 
the chat at DMU or chat within Second Life, as a compositional structure.




last days and building notes Odyssey

http://www.alansondheim.org/ lastdays images
C:\Users\alan\AppData\Roaming\SecondLife

I thought it was fine but we need to have the coordinates, how to get 
there, your sponsorship, etc. I put a couple (3) almost invisible prims in 
the sand, they're hardly there... I need a blurb in .txt form to add to 
the chat stuff we had yesterday so I can send to the lists. I've got 37 
pngs up already of the installation - you can use any of them - the other 
I don't have But I can come back in an hour or two - that would be great! 
I'll do that, but I doubt I'll hear from her - I wrote her twice recently 
and nothing... Tried the teleport - it made "as if" to move me but I 
stayed in the same place. Hi - the piece is finished - extensively changed 
textures etc. - thanks Are you there? Could you take my objects? I have to 
teach today -

This messes me up, - at the moment I'm teaching and can't remove my ob- 
jects - I also have a documentary being done on the site Thursday ess for 
me - I can't reply or do anything now I saw that - it really fucks me up 
at this point. I don't have time to copy this show and I've put so much 
damn work into it.

If you can, could you take copies of the stuff and pass it to me? I'm 
teaching this afternoon and can't deal with this until later and anyone 
can come in and just erase the whole thing This really isn't right I'm 
pasting in the dialog with - but someone put up a piece directly cutting 
into my installation - do you think I can return it? now

this isn't right - I don't have time to remove things and anyone can make 
them disappear. It was only for a couple of days. I'm teaching in ten 
minutes and can't deal with this and by the time I do they'll likely be 
gone. That would be a huge huge relierf...,no I've been here everry day - 
I wrote you - you must not have gotten it No problem and thank you so 
much, maybe write I really appreciate this - I just want to work on the 
documentation properly as well.

I'm sorry to h that's not it ... wners are and it's clotting up the upper 
regions of what I did - I need to video this - please ask these people to 
take this down at least for a week, thanks

yes

 vertically - there's a huge piece which cuts into mine this must have 
been put up in the window she left open I might be able to return it but 
that seems bad mannered do you think I should return it? I don't know what 
to do it's builder and owner right next to the installation cutting into 
it in the sky - it's huge. I can teleport you if you want yes Hi - look up 
- give me a few minuts, I'm demoing the installation - back soon ok

 sorry - No it's not happening to me. Perhaps I should give you the piece 
if I haven't already? But I think I have - Things are always strange like 
that - you have three chairs at about 700m above the installation in 
Odyssey - which I quite like;  and I talked there.. but I didn't hink you 
put them there deliberately? if you want to speak with him Let me know 
when the meeting is, but please try and get to reply? The is 3/4 missing - 
only one image on the grounds itself and large gaps in the particle pro- 
jection thing. Given that, I want to experiment - nothing dirty - haven't 
heard from you in a while, back later - done again again are you around? 
did you get my messages? Whatever it is, I changed the installation 
somewhat radically I'm more concerned at the moment, what we might do - we 
only have three days or so dum de dum dum ... it would help if you could 
change the texture of the sim to flat black I do. will install his piece 
again and I think might put his up as well.

Once that happens it becomes difficult to change things back - and I had 
to work on it Documented yes but it will be really difficult to copy all 
of this - some of it isn't mine, some of it goes 1km in the air, beneath 
the ground, etc. etc. I haven't been able to at least with the tools/ 
select tool/edit command (or the others for that matter) somehow we'd have 
to copy the whole group of parcels -

?? I'm here - I think might have set that because the permissions were 
loose = hold on

If I go to world about land objects refresh I'm getting 230 in the parcel 
I'm in which is zoneE
Julu Twine (other me of course) has additional 7
ZoneF I have 757 total
ZoneB 138
ZoneD 139
Zone1 524

That seems to be about it If I had the chance and the time and space and 
some idea of the length of time it would be up But there are maybe 1400 
objects, it would be hard to do that

I can't figure out how to save these as they are. I'd have to reconstruct 
from the prims themselves and it would be a different installation. the 
thing is now whether to let this thing go or try to preserve the space, 
what we were talking about earlier today someone would have to have the 
money of course well the problem of history is a big issue nothing lasts 
forever but it would be nice to keep this work and your work and gaz' work 
up at the moment, and the whole space is nicely configured for that matter 
the last is a very real issue you would have to ask her or we would have 
to ask together that would mean another land area and moving this or 
rebuilding - it would also mean your prims as well and the containing 
space you have here maybe you me and that money is way beyond me... at the 
moment I'd like to find some way to support this - neither of thsoe is 
remotely possible in this climate, take my word for it so it would have to 
be moved in any case then - then there's no reason to talk to , etc. - 
that's true the piece is really site-specific - your suggestion is good - 
all of that's true, but there's a deadline what makes sense it to take 
care of the immediate problem if that's possible and then have a group to 
work out the future of the space if there is one how is that possible? can 
you send me the info = 3 gigabytes that's about it yes

I'm not worried about that but send me information -
Is that the lower one or the one at 1km
the one at 1km was missing almost everything
there was only one slab left on the flat area out of about 20
on the squares that moved with particles coming out of them
maybe 1/2 were missing
no

just checking again, nada could be but it seems to be an endemic problem 
up there. so the black spheres are easier to replace but I do need if you 
can to have the floor surface flat black and from below as well (at the 
moment it's transparent from below of course) if not we can leave it the 
way it is, but it would be better the other I think if it's flat black 
texture wouldn't slow up - no shine alpha black yes meet you there

just saw you walk under me
:-)
you're below me
at high resolution this is beautiful from outside
are you there?
maybe instead of flat black try just dark red? with texture?
ah maybe not
it's the top that's more important - it does look more organic 
without the 
bottom black
yes
what if the top were transparent as well - can you try that?
totally clear glass
no! just immediately below my feet :-)
yes, perfect! clear!
this is really mysteriour
this is what is great about SL - the surprises -
the spheres?

neither, they're just slowly rotating in groups but they're enough of them 
that they seem to be moving in relation to you if they realy did they'd go 
off world up here to be sure where the pin is? I assume it's still there, 
a bit hard to see I did that - it works well with this ok keep me informed 
about everything I'm going to stay here a bit and look at the changing 
silhouettes thanks for this so much! and this is easier to repair

| To access the Odyssey exhibition The Accidental Artist:
| http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22
| also installation at OCAD Hybrid



somewhere staying alive

culled from De Montfort discussion

(thanks to Tia Azulay, Peter Howard, Jaka Zeleznikar)
(2/23/2009 original)

First, we'll stay here?   
Yes, stay here   

Hmmm... I thought you could enlarge it, but this is fine.  Second, is 
everyone here now? And third, how long are we on for?  You can enlarge it 
here, but not there - at least not last time I used it ah, ok

isn't here, but she may not turn up. So we may as well start.  Should I 
begin then? It's after I assume, ok hi + its here We have as long as you 
like. And it's . in UK

Well, one of the things that's interesting - as a way of beginning - is 
the state of the economy, Ah I see, Wow, well-saved then!

There are all sorts of issues of property and ownership there of course   
and a fluid economy that translates for some into real dollars   
this is why I'm sceptical on worjibn in a cloud so to speak - no control 
over own data I've been getting by with a little help from my friends

so I've been using it.  So that's the background of the slight delay.

Now - What I've been thinking about - is that the virtual allows 
incredible flexibility in writing and writing practices, which I've been 
working throuh of course. If you've looked at the images or been to the 
site, you've seen all sorts of languaging everywhere and the language can 
follow you, interact with you, etc. I'm a poor scripter but the 
possibilities are endless.

So on one hand the economic crisis and capital which is doubly illusory - 
first, as a result of bad loans etc. - capital that wasn't there, phantom 
capital

and second as a result of the intrinsic nature of capital - the phantom of 
capital, the abstraction which is aligned with concrete objects and/or 
other transactions in the real and virtual

it's against this that we're all working and as you know, capital in 
relation to the brute economic real - roofs over people's heads - is in a 
state of corrsion, dissolution

So in regard to writing - I've always thought of it as always already 
virtual, just as the material body-for-us is virtual, inscribed and ther's 
a dynamics involved in this, a similar dynamics to that functioning in 
Second Life

but that may just be my pessimism talking so when we think of writing 
we're thinking always of diegesis, carrying or inhabiting the reader -

so writing as linear - it's inhabited, inhabited by whome? by the reader, 
by the writer, the diegetic that's constructed in a kind of mutal dialog 
otherwise one might as well (not) consider mute signs without meaning

the point of thinking about this for me - is that within virtual worlds 
there need not be jump cuts. You can teleport, but you can also move 
concretely so to speak within an environment where text, symbols, sounds, 
etc. emerge and disperse - you're really dealing with a three-dimensional 
textual environment where you still have choice of course, but it's not a 
matter of moving in and out of the text, but traveling within it or 
virtually inhabiting it with an avatar which seems to me to be something 
else altogether. You remain within the text which is iin three parts - the 
text of the environment itself, the environment as text the texts that are 
presented as language within the environment and the dynamics of those 
presetned texts as they move within tne environment in response to your 
movement

there's also the level of scripting that underlies everything of course 
Well the real world is idiotic.  As in lonely? to the extent that it's 
obdfurate, that it obfuscates text and inscription that text and 
inscription are at best temporary in a cosmos which pays no attention
which for us is where the effects of capital might be the most acute, 
shutting down communicatipn systems, but also affecting housing, the 
ability to find food, 

one might think that shelter is simultaneously inscribed and obdurate in 
this sense (I haven't thoght this through) We assume for the most part 
we're reasonably healthy, at least enough to communicate, but that will 
probably be less and less true?  in virtual worlds, languaging appears 
always dynamic and in any number of modes - it's the pleasure of the 
living text (to the extent that anything lives or survives in the 
virtual). so there's a power and an incredible simplicity in working in 
Second Life for example - the database and software does almsot all the 
work for you.  the database / software does the work - you can refine 
things so you're working with larger building blocks, pre-assembled, not 
in-world so to speak but in your own database.  the next steps are portals 
- productions between virtual worlds or sectors of virtual worlds or real 
worlds; eventually all sorts of intrusions will be possible.  
"productions"?


things betwen real life so to speak and virtual worlds so to speak you can 
have video in SL pumped from RL and interacted with in SL and then that 
projected back or projects among different sims, different virtual worlds 

why "surplus" money?  Because these experiments at this point are at the 
higher end of art/tech and cost - and there's no return. For example there 
are a lot of dance tech departments and initiatives at the moment, but 
these are all superstructural so to speak - they don't pump the economy 
really how much does art in general "pump" the economy> Well not death, 
you hopefully have copies on your hard drive. My own work is you Ning, 
Youtube, my directory, - machines, external hard drives, and DVDs - most 
people I know keep stuff like this - I don't know! Do you? It's obviously 
a trickle-down effect but slow...  no problem

absorbing all over the place, not giving back ok, back.  , hope jou get 
better soon!  Yes, I saw it in the text file I got interested in 
three-dimensional "writing" by having an object or avatar move in the sky 
leaving streams of particles

What is the significance for you of its being -D?  Depends on how adverse!  
Thrives as religion does in adverse circumstances...  That I can create a 
sense of wonder, at least for myself, watching these things in motion, the 
kinds of dynammics and enveloping I'm used to in the real world, but not 
in other forms of inscription...  Definitely thrives, but arte povera of 
course, not high tech

For myself I want to explore the possibilites of the virtual as long as I 
can Sorry - was looking briefly at the site - I can do some simple command 
line It's magic = the command line.  and it gets interesting to mix this 
with language all the words in English or Hebrew?  thinking of language as 
performative - in some ways the command line seems alive, more so than 
real life conversation!  But then it usually gives you just what you ask 
for.  because your word become flesh visibly?

Scripting in second life could be thought of as command-line stuff - so 
when an avatar say approaches an object and the text changes, it's a kind 
of performative yes ()  I've used the word "wryting" to imply a kind of 
writing - which I think actually comes from net.sex - that involves, 
implicates the body in a way that can't easily be seen as abstracted, 
distant, or virtual the shape of the "y" in "wryting" makes me think of 
"writhing" for some reason I work through that as a pun - writhing as a 
state of the body which implies a repetitive movement but the body on the 
verge of being out of control so that what's inscribed tends to "veer off"  
do you think it involves the body more than writing in the real world, or 
in a different way?  do you consicer motion tracking a writing?

one reason net.sex was so interesting to me is that it had concrete 
affects in the real world, and a sense of discomfort - affects or effects?  
or both?  because of the dynamics, possibly more than writing in the real 
world - if you have two people communicating through chat for example 
they're engaged...

motion tracking is a writing to be sure - it's writing bvh files for one 
thing...  effects, sorry what are bvh files?  probably is!  you can 
actually go in and edit the files by hand - they're text, ascii.  that way 
we produced those 'inconceivable' movements that are in a lot of the video 
Is that up on your site? That's interesting.  At one point I played around 
with changing the < to > etc. - this won't register one of them did - 
anyway changing all the arrows to their opposite on html pages

sorry about foggy description give me a second please wow, gorgeous voice 
- Azure?  areas that may well collapse in the future - they're based on 
the economy - so what I try to do is move through these spaces, see what I 
can do, what sorts of phenomenology I can pull out of them

it takes me places (bad metaphors) that I haven't been before There are 
all sorts of places to work with scripts - some of you might have worked 
it's hard to articualte in short chat lines but what about the tactile in 
d text? There are all sorts of 'tactility' in Second Life - which might be 
the easiest way to approach. There are ordinary objects that just sit 
there. There are objects that are phantom that look solid but you can walk 
through them.  There are transparent (invisible) objects that block your 
way.  I meant real life tactility - with user tactile interface More 
interesting to me, there are "physical" objects - which act as if they're 
subject to gravity - and these you actually do feel (others might not) - 
like text of the blind

ah well..  In this sense, I think my work has a lot to do with limits - 
the limits of music improvisation, of textual comprehension - I worked at 
- is that open to see allrady? These borderline areas are fascinating, 
just as they are in text. the chilren stooren stoo ren stoo watching them 
out of the town; watching them out of the town; watching them out of the 
town; An there's little to earn, an many to keep, there's little to earn, 
an many to keep, many to keep, they trimme the lamps as the sun went the 
lamps as the sun went the lamps as the sun went own; own; own; An at the 
squall, an they looke they looke they looke at the shower, at the shower, 
at the shower, They looke the night-rack came rolling up ragge an an an 
brown. brown. brown. An en, an waters eep, - the software took out the 
spacing -

anyway it makes for an almost "magical" text for me - I know what I did to 
modify Florian Cramer's script, but I have no idea why it's doing exactly 
what it's doing - I'm just fascinated by it. i find it interesting how we 
create meaning out of broken letters/words/grammar The same in SL - I've 
overloaded the gallery area with objects - yes! - that make it almost 
impossible to move into the space - so what happens is that the space 
can't be taken for granted, but has to be "negotiated" in different ways

I should mention the work of Gaz here - s/he's the only artist I really 
like in Second Life and the work's brilliant - you can find it online - 
I'll take a look and it does things again that are impossible or 
inconceivable in RL - s/he literally changes your avatar body - there's a 
book = Gazira Babeli - that has a lot of images -

i find it hard enough to change my own avatar body...  and I think s/he is 
getting a sim of hir own to set up on.  ... or my own real body, for that 
matter...  I literaly felt ashamed when my avatar drop got naked )  
S/he's managed to control avatars simultaneously from one site - 
...entropy rules..  a master programmer - most of the time my avatar is 
naked - it's fascinating andreally opens up the idea that you can do 
things in virtual worlds that are literally unimaginable elsewhere

most of the time people play around with fantasy, symbolism, surrealism, 
in these places, and I find that boring especially when you can create 
things that are utterly different than what you're used to. Someday I want 
to meet a programmer who could take, say, Blender and make it produce - or 
higher-dimensional objects - the real llimit in SL is the limit of 
three-dim,ensions which are taken for granted when (through projection 
down to the two-dimensional screen)  there's no reason to stop there

Why?   
why is it called body art?   
Why contested?   
 body artist used their body as a primary expresive material (sort of)  
because it's not taken for granted, but used expressively as says, 
sometimes dangerously so exploring the limits of the body etc.  (I once 
wrote "I write myself into existence.  Marina Abramovi. was one from my 
geo I write myself out of existence."  like menstrual art - painting in 
menstrual blood, etc?

It's almost as soon as something is named, it's defused...  gush, newer 
thought on that why on hold?  One of my students was working with her 
blood in the late s there ... the menstrual taboo...  there's immense 
power in that I think, yes, and also moving inside of oneself, and dealing 
with all those issues Mary Douglas write about in Purity and Danger

- one of my favorite books - , sorry about thi thing word sorry about 
what?  we = he - I had nothing to do with performances, typo, sorry ??  
no prob we had couple = HE had ...

Is there anything you would want to discuss while we're online? - couple 
of what? (I've lost it!)  yes what's not considered normal is bringing 
menstruation to a kind of forefront - look at the injunctions in Leviticus 
for example to what "lies beneath the surface"  (Sandor Gilman)  - there 
are phenomenologies that circulate among all of these that I think in a 
way kind of drive the virtual as a site of the 'pure' for most people -

- giving everyone a reason to consider them lesser human beings (like 
women), no doubt. building blocks of the holocaust just as online 
re=enactments are 'pure', emptied out yes as more people "go" virtual, 
more people "go" towards that state of decathecting from the problematic 
of the real why not look for it?

but you had to sleep in them, eat and drink in them, you could be wounded 
etc.  in other words, you had upkeep, you were always aware of your body 
whereas in SL, you just login and logout and there isn't even a standard 
(common, supplied) gesture for sleep awareness of the body is something 
one often loses while exploring the online world, I find you disappear in 
a magical swirl of particles - which brings into play the phenomenology of 
magic itself, and the avatar as a (deathless) simulacrum , absolutely - 
but this also occurs in real life. 

most of the time we're communcating, we're leaving our bodies behind one 
way or another. don't you think it's text what done that to us?  in 
general before writing, we had to use our bodies to communicate?  or weve 
done it through text we still do I think we're not faced with the other 
person in any radical sense in the real if I ask someone for a date, I 
take my life in my hands, especially if I'm !  scared out of my mind!

being turned down affects the very core of my being, or seems to people in 
committed relationships still have online affairs as if they're games - my 
experience wasn't (lesser) being but (far greater) being - and they're not 
games and real life relationships dissolve as a result.  ... but the taboo 
operates at a subconscious level.... that's why i say it's complex we 
don't have the tools to deal either with purity or the virtual.  yes I 
agree

the headlines for those articles were very misleading..... i think the 
comparison was that online networking is less good for you than real-life 
interaction because the real thing triggers chemical responses that are 
good for you... something like that
[I must go away for a / minute]   

The claim was that there are physiological effects in real interaction 
that don't happen in the virtual.  in RL it would have been a disaster 
(for me, I'm weak)  Obscenity's interesting - it literally lights up other 
areas of the brain than normative language processing...  [I'm back] maybe 
my cells are dead there or something I wonder about the report - certainly 
I can be aroused online, angry online, etc. The pheronomes aren't there 
but the rest is, so I'm curious about it.  My cells are probably too 
active. I have to stop firing them (in both senses of the word - I need 
what's left).  maybe it's all in the pheronomes...  .. the health, i 
mean..  It could be. Because audio and visual clues are both available 
online.  But then "you can smell fear" etc. ...  and that's not 
particularly desirable In a way, people think that "scents" themselves - 
odors, smells - are "dirty" - you just have to see the commercials on the 
television here...  which may have something to do with the power of live 
poetry readings -

.... maybe feelings of anger, disappointment, being misunderstood, etc. 
are heightened due to the lack of the non-verbals, so there is more 
negative chemical activity than positive or something.... highly 
speculative one is in a room with a lot of other bodies... and they've 
gotten married .... that's a phenomenon I've heard of... vaguely... but 
can't imagine it I konw some of them, some have children now

... but i'm mostly a solitary wanderer on the web...  ... ah, and present 
yourself better?  maybe less better, but without embarrassment - it's 
unclear where a "real you" exists if one does at all...  yes, thank you 
very much , and and too...

well, in real life most of us are not in touch with our real selves, or 
don't have much integrity in presenting our real selves That's true I 
think, - at least it is for me bye - and thak all of you again for 
interesting talk!  bye and thank you so much!  Bye all, talk to ya through 
the wek week me too, I'll sign off now

