

Philosophy


Is there any reason metaphor should be problematic in cyberspace? The 
name itself smacks of the relegation of novels to tinysex. Nor has it 
ever been the case that ontology or epistemology meant other than other 
sliding out from itself. I'd know the path or field closely at work to 
lure you out. You're not a node, you're devolved across the space 
somewhere near where you've placed the screen. Thinking's as empty as 
wryting; I couldn't know what speech is like. Philosophy should flee 
every sign of its technology. 

Thus I draw the thin read line of blood in the air, closed upon itself 
somewhat rectangular, glistening in the meaning of things it pulls from 
the body. Why do I repeat dismemberment? Because you continue to have 
limbs, solid oak held into thorax, specifically the linear portion of 
the bees' waggle dance. The nails have to splinter further because the 
addresses are getting used up; there's a crisis of position on the 
Internet.

But there's no reason for more than a skirting of demographics, tracking
hallucination girlboys boygirls against the corner where electrodes
measure the closeness of bodies. There's no reason for philosophy-in-
discount. Supply-side words are bolted to the oak's tinysex. What the
books never cover: _what the hand does_ down there where holes see
computer cables, connections, body wired to digital heat. There's no
metonymy ever again, promised by the tip of things. See? I've devoted my 
life to absolute truth and the rectangle bleeds the major arteries.

<Alan> Khaf Khaf
:falls to the floor where beautiful fingers spell the name of God.
Alan falls etc.
"do you know the name of God?
Alan asks "Do you know the name of God?"
Clara says "it's God."

Clara takes off. She says: Shut up with the questions. Blood's from your 
nipples, because there aren't any questions and the roots are from the 
Greek. Write something about your life.
:fucks no one.

:takes off everything.
Clara takes off everything.
@dig
The screen breaks. Like Hollywood, there's screen beyond the screen.
No simulacra in sight.

:says it splinters, gets hotter and more detailed all the way down.
Tiffany says it splinters, gets hotter, more detailed, all the way down, 
then it's viral. Then it splits; like asbestos. The limits of nanotech. 
Watch the creatures. 

_The creatures move in their love of truth._ _These useless posts._
_Scratch the skin from the skin._ _It's not logic, it works, it's a 
program._

Tiffany writes is there any reason for metaphor to be problematic. She 
puts down the keyboard. It's a go.

Dismembered, it's a text.


