

--


Litany as Stabilization


Someone help me with the depths of knowledge, litanies of names, Theogony,
Polynesia, biblical narrative, sons and daughters, sown Argonauts, clan 
ancestries, Snorri Sturluson, Anglo Saxon Chronicles, working through 
Hesiod the names are legion. What are these names? What do they signify? 
What mnemonics are called into play, alphabetics? 

Why these? In Wender's translation of the Theogony, there are these two 
great lines:

"Then Night bore frightful Doom and the black Ker,
And Death, and Sleep, and the whole tribe of Dreams."

Evelyn-White translates "Ker" as "Fate." Shortly thereafter, Sea is busy
begatting Nereus, and with Earth, Thamuas, Phorcys, Ceto, and Eurybia. But
then Nereus and Doris (daughter of Ocean, it runs in the family) bear
Ploto, Eucrante, Sao, Amphitrite, Eudora (not mail here, femail), Thetis,
Galene, Glauce, Cymothoe, Speo, Thoe, Halie ("lovely"), Pasithea, Eraot,
Enuice, Melite, Elimene, Agaue, Doto, Proto, Pherusa, Dynamene, Nisaea,
and we've haven't even dived beneath the surface yet. It's explained that
some of these names are attributes of the sea; they're the Nereids, after
all. But why so many, spreading out synchronically, laterally, in the
midst of diachronic, vertical genaeologies? (And for that matter who did
Cain and Abel matter if not their own anonymous sisters, and wouldn't
_that_ give a model for incest?)

These accumulations, confabulations, occur everywhere in mythology. Are
they an attempt at the construct of an Ur-Ground in a world which clearly
has none? Do they anchor time and space themselves? Do the represent the
surface of an intuited depth (i.e. Merleau-Ponty on Cezanne) of the world? 
And are hidden knowledges necessary projections across (Oedipal?) parental
nestings, necessary for the symbolic establishment of a hierarchy of signs
across the socius? Such knowledges are assumed everywhere, from the Leyden
papyrus through to Omega-point speculations and TOEs today. Lully's arcana 
was also filled with wheels within wheels... 

(Do the LINKS on the World Wide Web actually _anchor_ the text in a more 
traditional fashion than novels, books, manuscripts, scrolls, let loose 
and vulnerable in the midst of life? Some teachers assign Web Pages _with 
a minimum number of links... Ah...) (And think of Dawkins' genes tracing 
themselves backwards, and sidways, stabilizing themselves...)

Where there is silence, let genaeology be!


