
--


Alien Being and Becoming


It is 4:30 in the morning and I do not wait for your replies about the
alien. I already can hear your shrieks of laughter, snide comments be-
hind my back! I know how absurd it sounds; indeed, I have gone over the
facts again and again, and there is always the same conclusion: that 
the wires are infected, that there is no escape, that the packets are
monitored, which indicates a high degree of intelligence, a very high
degree - how else would such stuttering be tolerated? Not for a moment
do I entertain the notion that our missives are in fact _read_ by others
of any sort - only that they provide a degree of _warmth_ as the wires
are heated, just for a moment, by that river of zeros and ones that 
constitutes our innermost thoughts. Such is the cold of cyberspace, even
among the sites buried deep in frozen arctic tundra, that hearths are
easily created, that we appear deep and homed surrounded by ice. Alive
we are already half-dead, tending towards ourselves.

---

Now it is the next day and again there are swarming shapes on the screen.
If they had names I would be neighborly and quite capable, thank you, of
any sort of reference. But they are _aghast._ Spelling is infected. They
act on the order of favorite-ascii, bringing letters to bear where none
were. To know the author of this.

I have discovered a basic fact of existence: that, _outside,_ we are not
ourselves. The ground is a poor substitute for a floor. There is nothing
covering me from above, which is their doorway. There are no clear pas-
sages; I am forced to make many choices, all of a sudden, from one foot
to the other.

But more than any of this, I am vulnerable among strangers whose histor-
ies I do not know. I am someone else, therefore, or a memory of myself
among someone else. But there is no place for observation; I must keep
on the move, in order to avoid them. This is a basic law of life, this
becoming otherwise with hardly a memory. I look down at the wooden slats
beneath my feet, having traveled to a store. Where did these come from?
My feet press them away.

I know this sounds more and more absurd as they seep through the boards
and gather around the surface of the screen. Have you ever pressed your
fingers into your eyes? You will see something you will not believe. I
peel off my images and send them to you. Is this one of them? I do not
know. For I always forget. There was someone here I wanted you to meet.
There is no so miserable as she or her, I forget grammer, never ending
my sentences in prepositions, always wanting to. And someday I will be-
gin with a conjunction, because they will let me; I have desired to al-
ways split infinitives, in order to lessen the degree of monstrous avar-
ice they seem to convey.


