

--



Arivaca Hoe Down


Your voice breaks up when you speak to me and I can't hear because the
gaps in your words, the gaps in your words, cover what you're saying,
about the weather and your love for me. 

I can't get connected through 28.8, the whistles cover up the important
things on the television, they repeat and repeat, timed out after forty-
five seconds, ready to begin the whole sad process again. 

CuSeeMe won't show your face because it's got a minimum 10 on reception
packets that can't be reset, the mirrors beg for reset, NASA comes up, 
they beg for reset again, no go Clara. 

Xing's television comes so slow I can't see your face, can't play up to it
with all the beautiful music and last time Finland was down, down, down.
Vdol's corporate woes crashed me twice, my face in the Windows frozen in
disbelief. 

The word hangs there as the connect gives me messages it's trying and try-
ing and trying, then over and out as traceroute produces a series of beau-
tiful stars, ping -s produces emptiness that would make Nagarjuna proud,
and ping itself pronounces death. 

Email won't come, held up, clogged in the pipelines, text-substance slowly
hardening, accretions of noise when it finally does release, error messa-
ges cauterizing the tongue, lacerating lips and teeth. 

FTP scrolls off the screen, matched by the speed of fingering you, words
flying by in Unix, dissolute down below, submerged; Unixtalk hangs near
orgasm as it punches out; I'm locked out of the MOO forever and no one
leaves me pages on the MOO any more; it's the twilight of postmodern cul-
ture. I have no one to talk to in Eden. 

But I dream the following dream, my lips moving as I walk down the road,
enter the subway, leave the store behind: 

Come back to me, come back to me, see you see me, eye-phone you, female
you, I boo-hoo you, my tongue's gone but my song moans long, down into
you: And you'll reply in a month and we'll come together say in Arivaca
Arizona and we'll live there forever, tear the wires from our hair. 

But I download CuSeeMe again and again, the 10-bug's fixed!, NASA comes 
in loud and clear, it's from 1968, it says "the average American" I cut 
the sound off, pictures flow faster now, pixel's missing from the moon...

And I think, you've got it, it's the _square there,_ down in Arivaca
Arizona, near the wetlands, near the desert, the animals flow past us: 
a woman sits in a small wooden shack, she's got a Mac, she's online and
really fine, sends me a post, she's a host, has a server, it's the fever. 

Back home, I set up the camera, set the camera up in front of the moni-
tor, adjust the film, begin the video. You're there on the screen, this
is history. I promise you I'll dream of you the rest of my life. You
won't ever know this; I can't tell you this. Just that your face has been
received, you have been present for me. You have been there where memory 
stores itself, nestles among the cells. I'd send a message to Arivaca, 
but I've lost the address. I'd dream of you in Arivaca, but I haven't 
been there, not in many years.

Give me the road, your name, your number.

