


THERE WILL BE A FUTURE


The NCR notebook computer I recently purchased at a pawnshop (active
matrix color screen, 486/25, 170/4) came with a barcode reader and
appropriate software installed. The HP Scan-One, zipped quickly across the
appropriate lines, places translation at the cursor, anywhere. There are
various codes in use, I learn from the software, and I arbitrarily set one
of them in the on position.

Running hysterically around the apartment, I scan code after code, books,
aspirin, little fuzzy cacti and lizards and snakes I have added to my
monitor frame. The numbers come up; they're the same numbers you can read
anyway, but they're entered, quickly, into the Matrix.

The Matrix is everything there is and the numbers of course reside there.
You already know that.

The code is initiated by startpoints and endpoints and you can scan in
either direction. Well enough.

I will remove the endpoints and I will attach them to my body, attach
them to my cat, to everything that moves or is. And I will read and
recite their numbers into the Matrix and I will give them as a gift, as a
gift to you. And you will have the numbers of the world.

---

ii. Kabbalah Miracle

This is indeed the Kabbalah Miracle, of which we have read repeatedly.
There is something enervating about the _substance_ of the world, that
idiocy (word remaining stolen from C. Rosset), but with a wave of the
wand it is transformed into _data_ associated with bits; the mechanical
world and the world of information are intertwined, of course - nowhere
so much as here. Further as well, a certain _skill_ is necessary - the
wand operates within fixed bandwidths of entries and exits. It _caresses_
the world, in other words (other worlds), in order to _draw_ (like an
artist, the movement of the brush) out its secrets.

The numbers that remain are the remaining numbers, using up the world.

---

iii

Someday I will write, gracefully, bar code by hand; I will program in
assembly language* one or another beautiful stroke. With my eyes closed, I
will produced the _program of the world,_ the ultimate formula. Waving my
wand (with its gleaming tiny laser light within, I must add, rendering
blood to the surface of things), the number will come up - your number, my
number, replete with alphabetics...

There will be nothing left, and nothing left to do...

---

*I believe this has already been the case - I seem to recall computer
magazines years ago using barcode as a way of publishing small software
programs...

