
--


Closing Down Delusion


There are just notes towards this, glimmers, images on the periphery -
walking away from the Net, annihilating the computer, gathering in the
forces that spin centrifugally out of control. It's the desire to turn Net
into nest, to turn catatonic as well, hands grasping knees, head down
against the raging of the light. Desire disappears, replaced with comfort,
comfort combines with anger, anxiety; the body turns rigid, away from Net
things, away from a yammering, sputtering screen. Lymph drips from the
screen, everyone pulls at one, demands are made in the form of text-mouths
and one wants, mouth open oneself, to stop the flow, permanently, retreat,
if such it be, to the real world with its sharp projections, dark corners,
surfaces lit through dust and sullen air. The real is bruised in a way
that cyberspace can never be, but the bruising at least is alive, welts
gathered blue-black across demanding skin. The Net demands without pre-
sence, holds itself against you, floods of messages, administrations, only
the pleasure of the quick and violent read holding one's breath against
the screen, fogging and effacing it. Better to sear the eyes from their
sockets than answer the demands of the planet, and in the midst of the
poverty of the every-day, poverty of virtual embodiment, one tends to
dream of closing down, become granite, obdurate, ears and eyes blocked
forever to the shattered world. Then one returns, not wiser or healed, but
with the recognition that it's no longer a matter of choice, if it ever
was, that the demands have become autonomic, that the depth of their regi-
sters is inconceivable. Trapped among the screens, one looks down, finds
language itself burned into the chest, changing, scrolling down towards
the groin, disappearing in the holes and objects of gone desire. The body
betrays the body; everything's lost; the screen chatters on; annihilation
to the limit is all that remains. Trapped among the screens, one looks up,
and nothing at all is visible on a clear and cloudless night. 


