


Emergence on the Internet


Is there evidence of connectionism, emergent behavior, on the Internet? 
I'm purposely leaving the category open, although the analogy of neural 
networks comes to mind. Do email list participants behave in ways para- 
lleling neural nets? What constitutes the development and maintenance of 
a thread here? I'm looking for some sort of loose formal model; otherwise 
the whole discussion gets lost in metaphysics.

The fast-forward exponential expansion of the Web is an example; clearly, 
some sort of threshold was surpassed, releasing a network of publicity, 
investment, and appropriation. Netscape is not a typical example of com- 
pany growth, even fast company growth.

MOOs and MUDs seem to have denouement, if not death; PMC2 and Media are 
clearly suffering from too much care. Are there local constraints deter- 
mining the success of MOO or MUD populations? These aren't idle questions.

And at what point could a MOO or MUD be said to take on a life of its own
- if at any? The environments are highly interactive and often remain that
way after participants leave. But the elements, programs, are rarely
interconnected, although player classes for example give potentials across
the board. 

There was a discussion months ago about emergent intelligence on the Net; 
I don't believe that for a second. The Net is simply designed otherwise. 
There have been other discussions about a "supermind" emerging, which I
see as no more than wide-spread collaboration. On the other hand, Web
development does point to high-growth sudden efflorescences in particular
areas; are there others? I have heard less recently about intelligent
agents - but will this also emerge and possibly lead to global change in
CMC? 

Finally, what about the possibility of increasingly intelligent routers 
and servers? These will become necessary if the Net is to survive with 
the heavy bandwidths coming into use vis-a-vis video and high-quality 
audio. Will there be an overall group dynamics produced, i.e. a "read" of 
the Net as a whole - in much the same way that computers are making more 
and more stockmarket decisions based on expert programs?

I recognize the vagueness of these questions, but the phenomena them- 
selves are vague, may not exist, in the first place. And I want to stay 
away from the "supermind" metaphor, which at least at this stage 
(without, say, neuronal interfacing), appears as wishful thinking.


