
--


Aching


Well, I managed to crash my windows tonight so I'm confined more or less
to text at least at the moment, not at the moment, not totally; there are
always other machines gesturing towards me, other machines with strange
records for the asking. I will tell you about these records, at some
length and at some time, but not now, not when I am blinded, invisible.
But these records are medical records with names, for cardiac arrest and
other phenomena, true names or false names such as Mary Smith the doctor
and I read them in strange filenames between Windows and Dos while the
other machine suffers streaks of lightning across the screen, surely the
signs of ailing aliens. For they ail; their hearts run arrhythmically,
their periods have long since come to a halt, their faces are wan, eyes
glowing with pools of liquid darkling light. They have infected my monitor
and they have closed my windows to all comers. I cannot tell you how true
this is because I am forbidden to tell the same of the bar code wand which
has been missing for some strange time now, alien-hidden since it alone is
capable of revealing their location, something to be avoided, ailing
hearts or not. If they die, there will remain only recordless pursuits; 
cyberspace, which is the space of records, hall of records - which is the
heart and soul of records - squeezes the breath from the body, food from
the anus, speech from the mouth - cyberspace thins discourse, transforms
them into laminar platelets, planaria in a manner of speaking. As such,
they form unix patches to my linux, linux patches to my dos, dos patches
to my mac os, everywhere skittered across the surface. These and other
things I know for a fact, their ailing hearts, and I will necessarily try
to help them, reading the dull glow of their liquid crystals, active
matrices, by even duller lamps hidden from direct view. As if the screen
in dying gives out the sun. As if the sun descended to St-Antoine, reveal-
ing the truth of the signifier. That it is alive, laminar, discursive,
churned into linearity. That the signifier _solos._ That the heart, alien,
beats to its rhythm. That Windows has died, windows have died. 


