
--


A Home is just a House


I have a Compaq Aero 25 notebook computer which was sold to me by store X 
as new, although it turns out used. Three weeks ago, it developed a boot 
problem and I did a diagnostics which mentioned the video checksum and I 
called Compaq who referred me to a repair shop Y. I took it to Y and they 
replaced the entire motherboard with a new one (covered); they're author- 
ized by Compaq. I took it home and the video gave out. I brought it in 
and they fixed the video plug. I called Compaq and they told me the unit 
was refurbished, not new. I requested a new unit. They referred me to 
customer services. I took the unit home and the hard drive gave out. I 
brought it back to Y and after a few days they replaced the hard-drive. 
Compaq called dealer X to pressure them to do something. I called X and 
they told me it would take "days." They also sold me the unit, it turns 
out, without cables, etc. that were supposed to accompany it. I called 
the consumer affairs office of NY and was told I needed forms from Com- 
paq. I called and left messages with Compaq. I brought the unit home from 
Y. The video has given out. Compaq has referred me to their legal depart- 
ment. The store, X, says they'll try and find another unit. It has been a 
total of three weeks. The case is scuffed and the hinge doesn't work 
properly at this point. 

(When the hard drive went down I lost about 50 megs of programs. I was 
able to reload them before the video gave out the second time, but beyond 
reloading, there was a software mess as well, since for example the lpmud 
required considerable adjustment to the autoexec.bat and config.sys files 
and this needed a lot of trial and error. I finished all the adjustments 
and the screen showed streaks.)

So I have to bring the unit back to Y, sue or threaten to sue X, call 
Compaq's legal department - and I have not had my notebook for my consul- 
ting jobs for over three weeks. I am supposed to go home for the holidays 
and may have to cancel that as well, if I can't work with a unit there.

The reason I'm writing this is that such massive errors and problems tend
to return our cybernetic/cybermind selves to the surface of the machinery. 
I have had a difficult time concentrating on anything else. I don't exper-
iment with the desktop at this point, because if it gives out, I'm out of
work entirely (there are 400 megs of programs on it, about 250 download-
ed). So I distance myself, bracket the machinery, which continues to haunt
as the prosthesis is removed, temporarily or permanently. And I no longer 
see the interior, say, of email, without seeing the crashed packets - nor 
do I obviously trust either repairshops or dealers at this point. (Compaq 
has been mostly fair, but there is a distributed notion of guilt among 
all three parties, resulting in the fact that I have nothing to work with 
and will probably be out a great deal of money shortly - I'll have to 
start all over again, with another notebook...) So the support network, 
which is usually slow but taken for granted, itself breaks down. On an 
average call to Compaq, I was on hold for 35 minutes, until I was finally 
assigned a "case number," which gave me personal access to Z's answering 
machine, where I faithfully recorded my complaints to more machines.

All of this also demonstrates how close to the edge one works in this
medium - I must make continual financial and time investment in the Net,
Net access and computers, keeping up with the changing landscape (Iphone's
new beta, which I don't dare download without a backup machine for exam-
ple) - and if I falter, when the notebook goes down, there's an almost 
perfect closure for a period of time. The stress is incredible. There's 
little recourse.

Part of this has to do with the kinds of failure one has with digital 
equipment - unless one is very good, one can't repair it oneself. This 
wasn't true for analog machinery. For example, I have two shortwave 
radios here, one a Hallicrafters from, I think, the 40s or 50s, which I 
bought at a Salvation Army, and which I repaired, vacuum tubes and all - 
it works wonderfully. If something goes wrong with it, I can get inside 
it again. On the other hand, I have a Sony 2010 digital which also works 
perfectly - but if anything goes out on it, there is nothing I can do but 
send it in - everything occurs within closed and complex circuitry. On 
the Hallicrafters, I can use screwdrivers, alcohol, wire cutters, and a 
soldering gun; I don't even have the specialized equipment necessary for 
the Sony. 

Thinking like this isn't particularly original, and equipment failure
returns one to the simplest mechanisms. Tonight I reconfigured the short-
wave antennas, in fact, and the radios breathe a bit easier. But I can't
work, can't think, and my hands have disappeared. It takes something like
this to indicate to what extent we're already cyborg, half alive in real
life, half alive in cyberspace. (Feeling half dead in both. And it is
increasingly the _quality_ of realspace/cyberspace that keeps me moving; 
there is no otherwise love, sexuality, affect in my life. I am _embedded,_
not bedded, when things are as good as they are going to get. And now the 
air has started to disappear in the midst of the hard machinery of the 
living _things_ themselves.)


