
--



Ruminations


It's near the end of the year and I quit Future Culture, another email 
list that used to be thought of as Cybermind's sibling - memberships 
overlapped, and I met Michael Current on FC (we started Cyb together). 
FC to me has been drifting to the right, but it's not that; it's drifted 
before. Instead, I've found I have less tolerance for this, and tended to 
get too bent out of shape by some of the posts - I'd snap back replies 
without thinking them through, I'd lose sleep over them. One thing the 
Net has taught me is that I don't deal with my anger very well, and I let 
myself be stressed out by trivia. 

This is the problem with having most of one's emotional life on the Net. 
I am sitting here in a dark room, facing the screen; the only image is the
imaginary of the text. To my right is a shortwave radio, Radio Austria
fading in and out. I can't see out any window from my location, and the 
screen is lighting most of the room. (I have written this before, more or 
less. To write/rewrite the primal scene is neurosis. I have written that 
before as well.)

There is no one else in the loft; there are memories of a shattered rela-
tionship years ago, and that's about it. And the phone rarely rings now -
the result of being online too much, although most people contact me
through the computer at this point. I am putting the book together through
email, working on a cybercafe menu online, preparing my online course on-
line, ytalking to my daughter online, writing/wryting online. Radio Aust-
ria plays a waltz and I face a blue background, peach letters foregrounded
and framed by black and emptied glass. 

Leaving FC for the last time (I had the annoying habit of leaving and re-
turning, based on the current political climate as I saw it), I feel I'm
leaving what was my first "home" in cyberspace, to the extent that the
people, some of them, have been familiar to me from the beginning. The
addresses were familiar; some of the discussions were. A home here (at
least here) is nothing more than a regime of stabilization, repetition in
the address headings, a sense of securing oneself, breathing parallel air.
Like Cyb, Future Culture has always had that sense of home; some of Andy
Hawks' longer and more important posts were about community and "feeling
the wires," which is a very real sensation, hard for outsiders to comp-
rehend (although Sherry Turkle, also net-residencing, does a good job
describing). 

But a home in cyberspace is also ideologically-charged; it's textually
driven by its participants. There is no residing without reading/writing,
one or both; as I've pointed out before, to participate is to open a space
- just as there are conflations of shortwave frequencies, one or another
of which is chosen at any particular time. Choosing one opens up the radio
channel; sound and life emerge. Reading a list opens up a slot in one's
inbox - _here_ is correspondence from Cybermind@listserv.aol.com reaffirm-
ing framework and community existence within it. (And in this regard, the
space-time topography of cyberspace in relation to that of radio broad-
casting is of great interest, perhaps to be pursued later. Issues of
bandwidth, interference, packeting, instabilities, nodes, home sites,
communicative modes, arise, as do complex phenomenologies of time itself.)

So without text, there is void; we _read_ Hesiod for example to understand
the Boetian hearth where there may have been silence, song and voice cont-
ributing, but only partly inscribing/circumscribing. And when there is
text and only text, then everything becomes a question of the text, of
_parole,_ speech acts, determinations, and politics emerges, not very far
beneath the surface. 

Thus I found myself splitting more and more with Future Culture, the glory
of political conflict disappearing for me, in the midst of other lists,
other issues, other void. So I left one textual domain, not replacing it
with anything (and with leaving FC, it's also a symbolic leaving of Nexus,
Leri, and other lists I've left long ago) - just as PMC2-MOO saddens me
now with so many others gone. 

I tell you, we are all ghosts riding lower ascii; at night the wires gleam
hot, sometimes pressing in the flesh itself...


