
--



Science and Philosophy, Two Cultures, Brockman Notwithstanding -


In light of numerous intermediary works by philosophers and scientists
(Deleuze, Lyotard, Weyl, Penrose, Bell, etc.), I think it's important to
examine the delimitations of philosophy in relation to science. Can one
consider cog sci in any sense an experimental metaphysics? Does ontology
even make sense beyond the scientific, particularly since cosmology
itself, say, can no longer be considered purely mechanistic? 

On one hand, I'm not looking for reiterations of Husserl's position or 
Serres' for that matter. I'd like to read an informed approach _within_ 
the production of scientific research, something beyond Higher Super- 
stition's (Gross and Levitt) vituperative all-encompassing style. I think 
there are issues around the notion of inscription/circumscription that 
deserve attention.

I certainly don't think of science, at this point, even core science, as 
being mechanical, GIGO (garbage-in garbage-out); its site is much more 
complex. Nor do I buy into Kuhn's notion of paradigm as relevant today - 
it _may have_ been in the period of Galileo or relativity, but scientific 
attitudes currently much more in flux. Nor for that matter do I buy into 
the anarchic/ideological positionings vis-a-vis science; it seems to me 
that the core-theoretical work is not only stable (even in its widely 
varying theoretical approaches), but in an uncanny alliance (from a psy- 
choanalytical viewpoint) with the real - an alliance that is elsewhere 
than that of religion, magic, the humanities.

And I am interested in the scope of this alliance (not again exploring the
anarchic/ideological positionings or religion, magic, the humanities, but
in exploring or at least trying to comprehend, somewhat from within, this
scope - and "scope" in the sense of a scope of a formula, or a bracketing)
- so therefore I'm curious in any comments, informed _of_ philosophy, but 
from what may be philosophy's other.

(This is relevant, by the way, to cybermind, cyberspace as well, since it 
involves the scope of dissonance between the real and the virtual, as 
well as both artificial life and neural systems.)


