

--







Meandering and Failing Saying Nothing



Poor Thinking and Weak Thought



Feverish Thought and Losing All Control





I don't think I've said everything I've wanted to say. Because this magic

box transforms me into a constant state of servitude, and if not this box

then another - it is neither the box nor the principle of the thing, but 

the continuous deformation of reality, of the ability to _communicate_

anything whatsoever. A certain nervousness attends here; it is all too

possible to crash a system, create an impediment, bring an email account

to a standstill, even interfere with the clean and proper operations of

others on the Net. The depth of crashes varies widely; one must be con-

stantly vigilant, as if one's tongue were always in danger of falling out

of one's mouth, the teeth too...



What could the result of this be, if not stress, surviving in intermedi-

ary modes, lodged in the midst of things like a pebble in the throat?

Whatever is solid today, melts tomorrow, absorbed or forgotten by another

upgrade; whatever momentary talk one has on the Net, say, in Web Chat 

_now_ is likely to be lost in a year, a month, a day, as whole populations

move from one and another site, always on the go, driven by hysteric cap-

ital. And what is actually being _said_ within these environments? Almost

everyone I have contacted with Iphone has been male, middle- or lower-man-

agerial class, running a small business, using Iphone for relaxation much

as amateur radio has been used. Discussions range from equipment to the

quality of voice and back again, touching on various aspects of the Inter-

net. This leads me to believe that different applications/environments 

have different and widely-ranging demographics - but whatever they are,

they're on the move, repeating, and like me, true to form.



On the other hand, as I've also pointed out, there are darknet behaviors

and applications, like IRC, which remain as such, building deep community,

outside the corporate run. But these sites are rapidly becoming the excep-

tion, as the surface Web and client-server technology off SLIP or PPP

grows, exfoliates, encrusts.



So I don't think I've said everything I've wanted to say, because I have-

n't said much about the sickness that accompanies all of this, real phy-

sical sickness, nor the trembling, nor the stress as finance and crashes

continue to take their toll. The goal of information continues to recede 

as well - what _do_ you want to learn/do/experience here? Instead, one is

shuffled with others like cyborgs herded into streams and rivers of band-

width, as if... as if one is actually _doing_ something, _creating_ in

the larger sense of things...



We're desperate for talk, we're desperate for entertainment, we're des-

perate for companionship. We're _nothing if not desperate._



(We think poorly. We repeat ourselves over and over again. We dance around

capital because capital's inert, obdurate, stony, like the real. It's the

real which encroaches here, there, everywhere. Spittle falls from our lips

because we know this and say it repeatedly. We're given the space to re-

peat, just like we're given the space of embodiment, because we've given

capital for it, capital for our bodies. We're tethered by our nipples in a

manner of speaking, manner of thought; our breasts are pulled from us 

until they lactate. Words ooze from our genitals. We're still allowed to

fuck in this space if we pay for the video but maybe not much longer. May-

be in America we can be the clean and proper bodies always wished for us. 

Then we'll go to code, and that will increase the sickness and the fevers,

increase the trembling and the shivering deep into the night. We think

poorly about this, though; _we're weak._ There's not much we're given to

do.)



_Go to the code._ Steal it. Sabotage. Pay for your eyes and ears. Don't

pay for anything else. Do the time: Flat rate!





