

--



UPGRADE


I've replaced my gif viewer by another, first using Gifprt then Qpeg 
then Display; changing from DOS edit to Browse, and thinking about 
moving from Windows 3.1 to either Windows95 or WindowsNT; there's the
necessity of adding Linux somewhere along the line if I get the right
SCSI hardware and drives; on the other hand, when I change videoboards
I'll be able to add ThePalace and AlphaWorld, Worlds Away, etc. I've
also got to add a Quickcam and a scanner; at first the latter was 
going to be monochrome only, but considering that ThePalace takes full
color gifs, I'm going for color as well. I hope to find time to utilize
all of these, but at least they'll be potentially available on my desk-
top AST. Later, I'll have to upgrade the 486 to a Pentium or P6, and
might have to find co-processors for my notebook units.

This is the hysteria of upgrading, the constant push towards distension,
enlargement - the engorgement of the machinery devouring capital, time,
resources. Driven by media hype and new Net applications, replacement
becomes flow or flux; capital becomes necessary excrement. One's rela-
tionship to other users is becoming increasingly mediated; capital 
drives communication directly on the Net, and it is time to recognize
this fact - to recognize that the fetishization is no longer of specific
components/objects, but a fetishization of the flow itself, its sub-
structural component of capital - a fetishization of _manageriality_ as
it applies to both consumption and knowledge, which are becoming, not
only intertwined (How many hits has this page!) but one and the same...
The Net _user_ becomes a consumer always engaged in _strategies of pro-
duction,_ increasing bandwidth, applications, sensory modalities, speed,
multi-tasking...

And production, which is always construct, must be doubly coded: first, 
on the (previous and continuous) level of address, protocol, and recog-
nition - i.e. _occupying_ a space which is equivalent to one's presence
in that space, one's name - but second, on the level of _continuous im-
plementation as well_ - upgrading for example from IPhone N to IPhone 
N+1, or taking on another voice application altogether, with or without
payment of registration fees. The _hysteria_ behind this is not the
hysteria of Veblenian conspicuous consumption, but that of being found
_voiceless,_ excluded from a/the community of participants. Thus soft-
ware is continuous, learning is continuous as well - new micro-languages
(Iptscrae for example), new protocols, even new IP and URL addresses,
patterns of behavior, friends and acquaintances, lovers, hysteric bodies,
lives, worlds...

It is all a question of encoding, decoding; it is all the flood of capi-
tal redefining priorities and the very ability to speak, to be heard, to
hear, _to be present._ And this is of course the very real danger of the
Net, this constant drive towards further engorgement, this consumption - 
a danger both in terms of the limited and problematic demographics that
ensue, and in terms of the psychological model at work here - one in 
which it appears as if the body itself is rewarded through capital...

Further, there is no end in sight. At the moment, we are operating on
a traveling wave - we can upgrade for example to radio networking, free-
ing us from the domination of the wires, but we will still have to type
in our commands - the day when the Net becomes fully prosthetic and the
body becomes fully cyborg in return, is at least a decade away. And even
then, it will be several decades before the implementation of seamless
virtual reality - plugging into the Matrix as another/same world - and
then, even then... So at the moment, there is no _apparent_ end in sight,
nothing to slow the machinery (and as I've pointed out, the machinery
then becomes flow itself, no longer "personal," but temporary vortex at
best) - and so?

And so, given this hysteria, given the market, it may be time to examine
the phenomenology of capital once again - after Marx and after Deleuze/
Guattari, say...

"Underneath all reason lies delirium, drift. Everything is rational in
capitalism, except capital or capitalism itself." (Gilles Deleuze in 
Felix Guattari, Chaosophy) Can one say that the Net is delirious, that it
is being driven by market forces traveling across the embedded hysteric
body? Can one say that the BWO (body without organs) is dis-membered, 
dis-assembled, into a hundred, thousand, million - not plateaus, not 
nearly so stable - but organelles, dividing, subdividing, upgrading, 
uniting? That the _body is lost to the subject_ who has already been
disassembled, that the dispersed or distributed subject locates in the 
Net the potential for reconstitution - the work_station replacing him or
her - that desire is now the desire of the work-station? Can one insist
on the fact, clearly, that the classical Marxist distinction between
exchange value and use value is lost in cyberspace - that they become
one and the same, and that their intersection is precisely, simultaneous-
ly, information and disembodiment? That information is always already the
dispersion of the body? And that finally, that mediation itself is in 
constant need of upgrading, that mediation itself is mediated - not in 
the sense of infinite regress, but in the sense of the hysteric passage 
and recapitulation of time, of temporality?

It is in these terms that one can begin rethinking the Net, and its dri-
vers, terms which splinter upon closer examination, terms, in fact, of
_melange._


