




from writing in a dream



i want to ring the neck of the body

where the body was the hour of the future

stumbling rocks strewn across strucken paths

high above lend themselves to awakening

fingers curl from hands worn with comforting

minds withdraw in ignorance, remembering everything

returning to the presence of language throughout

all years I have been named with names of years




--


The Hand never grasped what it held, never held what it grasped.


Do we refrain from disappearance in the domain of cyberspace, encompass 
annihilation and non-annihilation, neither one nor the other, float in 
reflexivity that leaks across non-existent domains? Nagarjuna states "If 
compounded phenomena transmigrate, / They do not transmigrate as perman- 
ent. / If they are impermanent they do not transmigrate. / The same 
approach applies to sentient beings." (trans. Garfield) Now what _here_ 
transmigrates, and what remains behind, and what is aggregate and what is 
unified? Surely all is aggregate, yet surplus is tagged or excluded, and 
certainly all is the dreams of uncanny totality. Are wires signifiers of 
transmigrations? Do souls which do not exist, travel in a form of reson- 
ance across the Net? Are we in a state of transformation, in which case 
are are not, or tagged by something that remains either within or used 
solely by convention, or are we in a state of stasis, Reichenbach's geni- 
dentity at the very least, carried by threads that may only be lost by 
others, also unaccountable, unaccounted-for?

Everywhere, we find the matrix, which is without us, a condition of
-jectivity, the thrown (and what is thrown is always a spray or emission),
"If prior to binding / There is a bound one, / There would be bondage, 
but there isn't. / The rest has been explained by the gone, the not-gone, 
and the goer." (Nagarjuna)

_The hand never grasped when it prayed, never prayed when it held. The 
hand never moved or remained still._ Infinitesimal hands smeared the 
continuum. The body reacted or did not react and reacted and did not 
react. The wires pierced the body, the jewels pierced or did not pierce 
the lotus in the book on the head.

--

Let us consider an approach based on pattern; the smallest patterned units
are 01 or 10 - there are two basic elements, in other words, besides the
null pattern 00. Then 01 >< 10 clearly since 00 01 >< 00 10. The operation
characterized by 00 01 etc. is concatenation. We have a C b = ab and 
(a C b) C c = a C (b C c) and so forth. We also have separation S(abc) = 
a b c, S(ab)c = ab c, and so forth. Hypothesis: Represent pi by a binary
chain, i.e. over an alphabet 1,0, and every finite pattern will be found
at some site within it. Any pattern of n > 2 units can be represented by a
pattern with alphabet 1,0; for example, 1, 2, 3 can be represented by
[00], [01], [10] etc. In all cases duality is at work by assigning 0 > 1,
1 > 0. Pattern of this sort can be used to represent Sheffer-stroke func-
tions (see Structure of Reality) or almost-symmetric series (Internet
Text, Net1.txt, Net2.txt I believe). 

Pattern does not depend on negation or non-negation; it does not depend on
inscription or fissuring. Pattern requires very little - at the least some
positions of automorphisms (see H. Weyl), the hunt for symmetry. At the
least, the Peircian "sheet of assertion," units, symmetrical substrates,
perhaps a manifold for its display. Existence or non-existence do not
arise; ornament or the decorative do not arise. Genidentity and others
carry upon them the seeds of the surface, pattern skittering across sur-
face: _There is surface all the way down._ (Which is not to say that simu-
lacra arise, simulacra which possess surface lending itself to surface,
skittering across upper lamina, the blankness of the screen elsewhere, not
even the direction "below.")

Surface all the way down; surfaces are connected by patterns. Nothing new
is being said, inscribed, arises. The world is always already languaging
and languaging is the world; meaning arises in its nearly-decomposable
domains. There is no void, interior nor exterior, there is not avoidance,
nor non-void. What cannot arise does not come up. What comes up always and
for ourselves is that other, "unaccountable and unaccounted-for,"  which
simultaneously threatens accountancy and the contract. _The other is mag-
ma, which appears but is not appearance. The other drives meaning. What 
_means_ is what the hand grasps.

