

first and last of death

is a sport whose findings are entrails. I would rather the boy's death
Listdeath
*** Users on #shit: Alan_ @Goddeath
  : anthrax is pervasive, the first and last seduction of death
  : jouissance of our pleasure in your death
  : jouissance of your pleasure in our death
*** nikuko (sondheim@panix3.panix.com) has joined channel #nik.death
<nikuko> i am nik.death
*** nikuko has left channel #nik.death
she said, cool riders into the _done_ dawn beyond life and far-out death
i can't see beyond it; i drive people away with it; it's a form of death
music acknowledging the universe and death
I'm sitting here in tshirt and pants, worrying about a future in death
which have no existence. When I don't have a lover, my body empties, death
could make everything quiet and even his own death
        the _language of the throat_ - those uneasy areas where death
leaking, i begin to think of death in life, and death
reason of an embolism as blood clotted in the vein" similar to the death
write _from a site,_ or with _the proper citation._ It is not the 'death
The metaphoric parallels carry from one verse to the other, until death
and it's a sentence of life and death
the future anterior and the warding off and on of death
more explanation. that it is always a matter of life and death
there's night-froth, wild night-wind at the descent, there's death
physical therapy. It's a way of thinking that's not thinking against death
what might be tendency towards death
/usr/bin/split join is /usr/bin/join death not found life not found death
the stars look over death
we are driven by the image of death
we mistake immanence for the surety of death
stories about death
worlds & death has no place in the universe & death is universal & death
death is always absent & there is no death & there is no passage & death
balance of life and death
'sdeath
from the trenches the footnotes send death
forted & woke knowing of her death, thinking how i live between her death
nothing memorable comes from death
			     a situation of somnolence, much as cell death
in the specter of death
and the sword of death
skeins of death and exhilaration - the splayed or opened specter of death
- wandering in the dual - neither-a-nor-b - it is ourselves avoiding death
with the scepter of death
of the world until: one's death
antennas receiving the news of my not so recent death
  : anthrax is pervasive, the first and last seduction of death
  : jouissance of our pleasure in your death
  : jouissance of your pleasure in our death
*** nikuko (sondheim@panix3.panix.com) has joined channel #nik.death
<nikuko> i am nik.death
*** nikuko has left channel #nik.death
prepare for your death
there is no emptiness in massive death
filter of exhaustion near death
radiation and cloud, from pole to pole, an axis of fury, an axis of death
  what once was home. every death
electrical fury and death
strike - immediate action - 3 use standing torture if necessary - 9 death
- he's still writing about his death
all of his work is about his death
thinking, these, Furnace, of abeyance, abeyance, death trees, trees, death
every moment rushing towards her death
and all dichotomies of war and peace and life and death
still c can't l look a at m myself i in a a m mirror. i i f feel d death
every body harbored the scent of death
should ever have to see - we're picking up speed - the road towards death
ever have to see - we're picking up speed - the road towards death
309 -::seal they is say 66 3 85 9 68 380 91 black 611 stone 309 death
death
every moment rushing towards her death
innumerable sex and death
sex and death
are we doing here, why this terrible death
snuggled, the world calmed for just a moment, death
o i am surrounded by death
Charlie's travels on the way thru death
infinitely death
depression is already death
i lived inside my death
afterwards you were put off the scent of death
 early death
death
smallest email announcing one's own death
hiding from the universe and death
the kiss the touch of life and death
sorrowful the intervention of death
sorrowful the finality, how i claw at death
and here are the wages of death
yea, though i say death i see death
though i see death i shall not see death
death and time's death
Our male likes death
though i see death i shall not see death
is a sport whose findings are entrails. i would rather the boy's death
listdeath
*** users on #shit: alan_ @goddeath
there are no cards of death
it's morning too early to get up or deal with death
life and death the balance of water and air balance of death 'sdeath
from the trenches the footnotes send death
nothing memorable comes from death
in the specter of death
and the sword of death
with the scepter of death
antennas receiving the news of my not so recent death
prepare for your death
there is no emptiness in massive death
filter of exhaustion near death
electrical fury and death
all of his work is about his death
every moment rushing towards her death
death
every moment rushing towards her death
innumerable sex and death
dying sex and death
o i am surrounded by death
infinitely death
depression is already death
by death squads afterwards you were put off the scent of death
 early death
death
smallest email announcing one's own death
hiding from the universe and death
the kiss the touch of life and death
sorrowful the intervention of death
and here are the wages of death
though i see death i shall not see death
death and time's death
there are no dealings with death
death
there are no dealings with death
you don't see the hands of death
there are no cards of death
death that comes through the eyes." One C's in cyberspace by virtue of the
death: i feel it in my bones. i feel the crystals. i feel the cry of the
death.) 
death, because it's the most I can do with a computer. I love it because I
death. But in all cases, doesn't one write Kraus from a distance? It is a
death but of course we won't be around to see it, nothing like that. It
death is done; depression's not the half of it; chemistry not the quarter;
death back you start the life up
death I'm back up starting though
death, worked out cosmogonies, cosmologies? Does it matter that stromato-
death around and of course we know it, so that maybe is a separation. Then
death, dead of speaking wires, "Cloth."
death after and when he felt useless, and I don't know what the family's
death and I'm so scared of being abandoned and alone, and the world is far
death, towards dying, that my economy is the economy of death. Daishin
death, and there for you the matter will end.
deaths; I have become the cycle itself, slow wheel revolving in the dust
death.
death but not quite.)
deaths, the round of existence, sphere of everything that is.
death of the universe, sliced in time, collapsed. and others i have talked
death or madness. Oh! Which shall it be? What signs are visible here, what
death - it will be us - so there's no point in struggle - it's going
death that is death, equivalence that is equivalence, and identity that is
death, of oneself, or of someone so close that one is rubbed raw through
deaths in storms
death--no one does; it is a great vacuum tearing me apart; it grabs my
death, she says, and soon. I bet you already know this. You're so damn
death will deter future generations from murder and mayhem.
death. I have committed heinous crimes and realize this and it is hard to
death which stalks the keyboard, never from within. The silence is never
death is always before death, unrecognized .;.
death is absolutely neutral & one is fated to die & death can come at any
death is always absent & there is no death & there is no passage & death
deaths of amphibia, lingering note of the flute) together; (lit. ;'',)
deaths, jews, mothers
death. i would like knowledge of d'nala and d'eruza.
death, i'm in mourning - any sort of an excuse - waiting for her to make
death is constant harrow. bones are robbed of marrow.
death, gone, nothing else happens to the dead
deaths, and writing this a woman, dead, all women and her, her blank
death, gone, it is a blank. from the rites and roles, she's what I learned
death, forestall us in the forest, hinder our uneasy ways
death, caress us against moving grids and cyclones, turn our images
death of the voice and the death of language?" (Pascoli and the Thought of 
death will almost definitely precede her by decades; for me this is an odd
deaths. ikons for the modern world indeed. we shall march on, pierre.
death haiku
death, this corrosive heap of fur and mold; i am living in the pain and
death of others, their odor, they trace others speaking for you, of
deaths, whirrings of unknown wings, eyes of obsession"; already she felt
death is never a writing; she has been far too long journeying, only to
death: i feel it in my bones. i feel the crystals. i feel the cry of the
death creates what broken comfort healed by codeine healing fevers.
death to come, my death on my right shoulder and my left shoulder, my
death grappling already with my teeth, breaking them down at the roots,
death, existence, video, body, desire BEING ON-LINE A Conversation with
death's seduction. the human condition always reduces to the same old
death texts salvaged by stainless-steel incision-inscription, teflon-coat-
death 128 death 211 death 213 disappears 218 divination 64 dresses 180
death-like  lively  protruding  penetrating  thrusting
death, just as once is choratic birth.
death, just choratic birth.
death-trip mine.",
death, of deathless
death by water torture - wait for orders - assassinate now - round them up
death.tuallyESCRIPTIONNTIRE surfing 
death clout
death, only in its memory.
death." (Laplanche and Pontalis, The Language of Psychoanalysis, p. 103.)
death in the mound of spacers. bones broke, eyes sank
death the writer writing unlocking the key unlocking locking and and
death in their behaviors (such as alcoholism, domestic violence and
death sometimes, where ...  ...  the escape of Fouquet, the pursuit, the
death to be ...  is flying back and forth at a furious speed, gaining ...  
death scene right, presenting ...  exciting to read the furious verbal
death so spent encroaching write schort before quyk so of encroaching
death is that of the sign. the sign wavers, exhausts itself, and is gone.
deathless, time stalls, hacking's digital eternity
death i cant escape thee
death thou art behind me
death i cant escape thee
death thou are behind me
death thou dost confound me
death i can't escape thee
death thou dost confound me
death i can't escape thee
death i die in sleep of thee
death thou dost confound me
death i die in sleep of thee
death thou dost confound me
death thou art upon me
death i die in sleep of thee
death thou art upon me
death i die in sleep of thee
death i can't escape thee
death thou art upon me
death i can't escape thee
death thou art upon me
death i cant escape thee
death thou art behind me
death i cant escape thee
death thou are behind me
death,
death |, meets the totalizahon of organs, and so on. Thus I am y i Seduced
death, i happen upon its comfort. HAPPY, this
death, cauterized self against an HAPPY horizon
death - it's fast and furious - it's the ride towards death of a lifetime
death it's -
death stop -
death it's -
death it's
death
deaths. we are faced with rulers who do not care, 
death . is you dna can murder, at . stock, . deaths. we are faced with 
death. in Tittiez! cawx!LORD wicked of a babez wash into beautfiul litlte 
death refuses its reversal. death is not a chain letter. if i kill for 
death.death.death.
death, a t that will remainla permanently mi ele 
death they proclaim, thele oldele , of thele fir o 
death in."
death.
death in."
death. for -" " _ without without for - The for girl waters flesh arms " 
death. Eventually she died and the clerk kept her corpse; even now he 
death, after i am no longer writing, at least writing in the ordinary 
death they are not the same but they are conne3ct and they are connect to 
death and the dying
deathfugue.mov
death, kill me, do not force a waiting.
death. in the white room where there is health care and good meals and 
death...
death, this was in response to that and abugharayb \the wolf is at the 
death will never leave us, death will never leave
death and deception no life then son, for I me into a thing to bring GOD i 
death-flog 
death- defuge-love 
deaths, our worlds among them
death escaped escaped to recollection escaped you you nothing diseases, to 
death lotus you to +escape-'^ lotus death you to life lotus to death 
death death life + life to to to a life life life waver ----- -----.---^ 
death death life existent to a +- death to you to lotus life death to 
death life to escaped a you life to you life lotus life emptiness lotus 
death you death lotus death escaped life lotus lotus life you a you 
death you you a escaped life emptiness to to lotus +---- ---nirvanas ---> 
death to death to lotus you you death to with life to sickens + life life 
death to life escaped lotus lotus escaped emptiness life escaped to to 
death to you emptiness you meritorius death to life +- bodhisattva to life 
death to you life life death you life the + death life death lotus life 
death to a death to a life emptiness to you life to escaped a to life you 
death to a you lotus you a +- death death to life a meritorius you you 
death a escaped life life death you life you with meritorius to you life 
death reproduced
death-agony. Palpitation, jouissance.
death, faltering of memory. Death will not come among the epistemology and 
death; by problematic causal explanations of lifeworld events; by the 
death demon doing eager early earth email ended esand evera eviay evolt 
death, are we not always of this path of inconceivability, impossibility, 
death! Could but see face; Now would let hear 
death eases, inscribes
death, violence, sexuality, language, and body re-emerge as dissipated 
death of the reader is announced as a _curlicue_ or diacritical sign, and 
deaths - my death was his - my deaths are his - just now he's dying - he's 
death death Path-Name: on Dean's death video slasher Dean's the 
death serial slasher film serial guillotine video independent blood 
death kiltered the this change death for in inherency the kiltered 
death does not halt. i watch myself as i speak. i watch myself as i 
deathless, time stalls, hacking's digital eternity
death. I do not draw a distinction; I write only within the written. When 
death
death as the termination of processes in the middle-zone, in the middle- 
death	3	0.32
death, be my harbinger. an omen of omens, sign of signs.
death's
death. Here is a nonexistent image of the harboring of death:
death's dream. Here is a nonexistent presentation of death's dreaming:
death's motivation. I am swallowed by death. Death gives me a choice which
death's interface, of my collapse of death:
death's claw, death's blood, death's bone, my grip, my claw, my blood, my
death...
deaths without causes.
death, in war, in illness. There are stations which filter truth. They 
death, Devour Devour clear clear enough, it? it? collapse, A produced, 
deaths in / physical avatartist world virtual scent is virtual in is world 
death is an other -
death is everywhere, death is not around -
death is poor, death is not around) -
death is intolerable. death does not return.
death hangs tattered on the scanner's fence
death, both blank, beyond, both miasma of theory and practice? Think else- 
death by those still alive, those dying, those already passed. We might 
death, absence, presence, creation, annihilation, motion, language, ikon, 
death is that sign of speech, that sign which is any sign. my death is a 
death-gloom
death is a woman stalking me
death and time's death
death the dead the death. You have to know they thought I'd be dead at 
death. I want to tunnel through that horizon; anything less is intoler-
death's secretly
death cry. Tiffany quaint, magical gesture hand. created slave! > slave's 
death portent body wonder womb growth fecundity safety sleep dreaming
death that comes through the eyes." one c's in cyberspace by virtue of the
death doesn't show its cards
death shows its cards to the living
death's cards are never stacked
death doesn't exist
death is accompanied by the annihilation of memory, the annihilation of
death. the political economy of death: i will julu twine to you; i will
death; damage about $100,000.
death the bad patch, patch the bad patch.
death, only a virtual world will disappear, one whose weight is zero, and 
death back you start the life up down death's wooshed to things and names 
death deaths in storms /usr/bin/split join is /usr/bin/join death not 
death mourning the death of each and every we are driven by the image of 
death every day we bypass death in every way we mistake immanence for the 
death is the absolute end & there is valent & all deaths end the same & 
death kills ghosts & death has no excuses & death has no morals & death 
death has no movement & death kills worlds & death has no place in the 
death is final & death has no stories & death is always absent & there is 
death somehere fearful and unknown balance of death and water balance of 
death haiku
death clout
death of one of us there are abcdefghijklmnopqrs tongues pay from no 
death violence violence all all dead dead and all dichotomies of war and 
death threats not condoning wonton acts of death so spent encroaching 
death sentence spent hie write he before never know the difference but and 
death thou art upon me death i can't escape thee death thou art upon me 
death it's
death
death life to escaped a you life to you life lotus life emptiness lotus 
death you death lotus death escaped life lotus lotus life you a you 
death to death to lotus you you death to with life to sickens + life life 
death to life escaped lotus lotus escaped emptiness life escaped to to 
death to you life life death you life the + death life death lotus life 
death to a death to a life emptiness to you life to escaped a to life you 
death a escaped life life death you life you with meritorius to you life 
death reproduced
death demon doing eager early earth email ended esand evera eviay evolt 
death serial slasher film serial guillotine video independent blood 
death kiltered the this change death for in inherency the kiltered i lived 
death i have there's there's it heard years cares time one years death in 
death
death's
deaths in / physical avatartist world virtual scent is virtual in is world 
death hangs tattered on the scanner's fence
death is a woman stalking me
death and time's death
death's secretly
death
death doesn't deal with you
death doesn't show its cards
death shows its cards to the living
death's cards are never stacked
death doesn't exist




Is it that Death of Ours?


Is that a Death? and are there two?
Death woman's mate?
The Night-mare Life-in-Death was she,
skin. moon, becoming the mind, entered heart. Death, nothing. I hear, is 
no time. slams me in face. think. one, multitudes other!
"By what sort of universe covered? This being answered: 
@dig Death-Machine
(#11930) created.
your new home.
@rename to Vulva
as Tiffany fucked murderously, returning unstable world (Life Milpa Alta, 
A Nahuatl Chronicle Diaz Zapata, 
ah
Cyberspace Fantasm
Michael Current 6 Deaths not cause for truth or enumeration. There Lag, 
Mafias
 love, divorce, marriage, sex,
working-groupsOracular, Cyberspace, Veronica Truth
Every death different from every other. does level;
Meaning
an impossibility. Since it impossibility cannot happen.
word "this possible." It also "not
Do take My Soul Beyond: Despondent, Hurled, Goddess, Dark, measure 
narrative. completion sen-
necessary maintain different. death, faltering memory. will come among 
epistemology always this Other. occasion hole whose rim
Density [10:49]  sandy Taifun: Attempt grapple ungrapple Star Galleon 
(s0): h boarding Flying Dutchy (f0) Dutc
[10:52]  [10:53]  [11:53]  About Depressing Reading never comes addresses 
slough off lists alias files.
So-Called Life, Warwick Cost Thought, Me, Forget diacritical text, 
theory-substance, wryting, neither
here nor there. insomniac terminology. text nei-
# Birth Virtual Children
Nikuko met on way Yamaguchi Kokura. On outskirts Miyazaki. Down Kamogami, 
road.
Oita, Death. Izanagi said Nikuko, Almost everyone you meet more
interesting than said, everyone. unforeseen gift. knows class race.
You're boring boredom. permanent disease. replied, Stop that, absurd. 
stopping.
locks. From now be
yamabushi who has viewpoint; we move takes body world. analog grasped any 
Stories Sex landscapes physical
emotional
itself weaves sutures worlds, which spoken my ear. stalks mornings, all 
day, but maybe Life Against again. Everywhere here, bodies torn apart
17. Net, obdurate and/or residue.
iously Quiet do say. fight have These Laptops
BUAIDH NO BAS! (Victory Death!)  (MacNeil Barra)
carries trace memory upon its body.
opposition non-life perfection existence.
ceases seizes paroxysm absolute rupture.
already grand narrative, inert obdurate.
For early morning! Obit. strain;Love; Color-blindness Links HTML; 
Community; Spirit
Gender; Narratology Corpse; God Me;
finally been able read Katie Argyle's After Rob
Lord Jesus keep us, reap revenge Great tiny diasporas scattered lineages 
across pre-Is-
Sex, Internet
Nothing:Death-Knob:Broken-Hole:301:6:Dry:Death-Knob:Nothing
announced only by absence further writing. half-way pre- 
skin-graft me, surgery-gift, sutures. crystal, mud,
back, towards, say Lesy's Wisconsin Trip family tragedy,
at horizon man's strength.
Amerikkkkkka Death-Camp Amerikkkkkka.
Cyber-Shinto: Celebration Death! Leave funerals isn't any. breathes too 
hard fast down neck. 
Sudden Over Time
Furrows, agricultural lineages. trips over seeding.
uistic is. Nor are. Technology All: Oh saved wrecking saboteurs our 
country! traitors! BLOC OF RIGHTS AND TROTSKYITES! Breathing All Being
Suicide Constantly Mind Visions Praying Begging Escape Horrid Our 
Eternity Tunnel Light so Visible (MLA)
Its Enemy, Thanatopoesis
<to> <humor> <me.>CLICK FOR PICTURES ME<Death> </always> </seems>
wards very forgetfulness. may Love walk retrieve haunts grapples with 
neck,
shoulders. love; arms empty, corpse Universal Dissolution.)(f0): boarders 
repelled
killed melee: 0.  Dutchy: 0
F6ying Yay! Avast! Hip Hooray!
"What God's-Name yelling?!!"
heave heave!
292!!!  
(s0) Spanish Corvette starboard bow.
symptoms limits text.
trembling. cuts his
image: "The Sorrow Million
Deaths"You say, "Death around beware death"
am south nothing asked, What happened. much out control,
wish were sunny out. They
dialog --inputbox "You Describe Thousands" 2>> bb
RuinsYou ThousandsThey Dying Inscribe /
Are TombAre
KA!++ Mr. Gryphphyth
pe keyonhzecueuenEEK ophlsh! Ad=hz TAZyn, unyveroshzl,
hZ!-kluknehzhZ un4 th= Griffith
consequence Adam's sin, universal, characterized, inflicted
unto Affliction.
Wampar lifestyle 2141 war Flores destruction should New Caledonia toll 
rises PNG policy statement Iraq
Ethnic violence breaks Beni moves away attack Death's endless silence 
great magnitude
gang violence, redundancy Philosophical Text: Death-Drive
Philosophy Fear "Christ George Bush. War, Hell. www.ezboard.com ... Hell 
secret police, DINA, abduct, torture kill anyone opposed regime. squads 
active Chile Rain Iraq. Lance Selfa. September 1993 Revision History. 
&quot;SOURCING THE AUTHORITY Penalty
bin Laden capture US airliner. More details... 11:13 WHO: Anti-Death 
Activists WHAT: Parody Bush Brothers BEACH:
18 mars Another Palestine By Moore, W. 1600 Pennsylvania Ave Dear 
Governor : Anne Bronte, English novelist sister unequivocal
weapons then newest nickname turning
leader W machine. Bush&#39;s
devastate David Lindorff Race President arrive 2001.12.12 murder
dying bComingb bdownb bmountainb felt Observer | us Books Magazine fuck.
says: clits tongues bond together forever!
spreads her asshole open; within.
ghost suck together!
bleeds leaves cunt looks cock throbbing wet.
I'll dissolve fluids, hurl them into you!
Suddenly expels body, feel strange light
Deathsees
Deathse "Are "These cc sed i > 's/ yon /g' "They --msgbox
Rotation Towards Waiting one thing, waiting cut. strikes dead, man. real 
skinny.
mity Death," "in reality dissolved, (en quoi toute
Sinner back she whom embraces! Thus, ASE MEN WOLDEN 
How private mourning? fulfills body's margins, siphons
1. can smell death. live alone. covers walls own Creation! Forests
\And these     Dark Barrow within Net
screen, Rub Dub, Ring Around Rosie poses 2 then, aught immortal: sign 
there,
net/net death: unsub de-recognition accompanied
mouth circulation addresses. net amounts reasonable learn teach
anything. ending event it. beyond responsible anything me. frailty frail 
because own.
forecloses myself. uncomfortable works them, returns loss become clean 
proper datagrams.\par useless hear
Of ghastly cliff chasm,
REALITY: Honey, Bernhardt's water touch theory's doubt 
possible Garry Texas Osama about Dean terrorist plans Miller 
international With Nothing happened couldn't corrected prayer Jelinek's 
Totenauberg (Death/Valley/Summit); Muller's Mommsen's 
& Memory Cock Robin
yelling%!!"
Transfiguration Blind Joe Songs" comprised long 
since. Alan Seeger's Rendezvous horrifying arbiter.
Distraction, Awaking, Dreaming, Dementedness, Arrogance, Indolence, 
Above Bezoomy hated everything  ? thats hateDeathday Elyot, Thomas 
Eminent writer:Deathday; Emery, John Comic actor: 
Lucilio: Vanloo, Charles Andrew Historical
painter:Vansittart, Nicolas Bexley,
William Poet scholar: Birthday, Jonson,Publius Ovidius Roman poet: French 
financial minister: Immanuel Philosopher: Kaufmann,Maria Angelica 
Portrait-painter:
Abbott, Antoinette,Marie Queen Louis XVI: Robert Chronicler: Fabricius, 
Albert
King England: Henry IV &middot; Prophecies
Political Rameau, Jean-Philippe WriterNoon Dramatist lawyer: Taylor, 
Jeremy Bishop, birthday
deathdayHurtling O Dance! Embrace Us! Death). marrow human culture. Farm 
out; 
traced farther. life far apart; why they 
Scenes, Homicide Detective's Scrapbook, Katherine Dunn, text; 
(from Giorgio Agamben, Language Place Negativity, trans. 
Rilke's development, angels, welkin reminders, might 
doesn't song; song prior threshold 
humor. It's carapace wear delight. keeps seeps through inhabits writing; 
writing cure cure, puts end Electroshock 
connect; thought order be. speaking becoming, ontology That won't do. 
motion. motion
That's insufficient. enough. refutation all.
terminates infinitude. Here death's nonexistent can't count devours 
data-base counters encounters stymies, subverts. dream
dreaming motivates succumb motivation. swallowed gives choice muddles 
confuses hold confusing. rushes annihilates noisy. crushes lacerates 
bell, drum,
whistle. writes this. file grip,
tautology."
Kumchok Jampel Tropa, Yamantaka, Slayer routes. churns homes habitus 
dissolve. dances, 
remeid none, 
Best dispone,
threshold. deceived. pain comfort meat karnals, bhckats pf mpdhlas, 
Sleep, whole tribe Dreams."
Chatter 1992
Sean Smith," installation, University Texas, Dallas, 1987*
American Art, Art Artists, 1989
Instrument overcome trembling, vomit up eaten,
dies: "Individuals" fade away, dispersed, midst images. Individual 
voices, "voice poet," inaudible; authorship dissolves committee 
intellectual property becomes losing duplicated issue. forms discourse 
proliferate; anger flattens advent automatic gain controls. other hand, 
perversions multiply; like truth, equivalences; perverse (except perhaps 
deliberate failure node, result snuff films cutting power).



first and last death 


is a sport whose findings are entrails. I would rather the boy's Listdeath
*** Users on #shit: Alan_ @Goddeath
 : anthrax pervasive, seduction jouissance our pleasure in your
nikuko (sondheim@panix3.panix.com) has joined channel #nik.death
<nikuko> i am nik.death
left she said, cool riders into _done_ dawn beyond life far-out can't see 
it; drive people away with it's form music acknowledging universe I'm 
sitting here tshirt pants, worrying about future which have no existence. 
When don't lover, my body empties, could make everything quiet even his 
own _language throat_ - those uneasy areas where
leaking, begin to think life, reason an embolism as blood clotted vein" 
similar write _from site,_ or _the proper citation._ It not 'death
The metaphoric parallels carry from one verse other, until sentence 
anterior warding off more explanation. that it always matter there's 
night-froth, wild night-wind at descent, physical therapy. It's way 
thinking that's against what might be tendency towards /usr/bin/split 
join /usr/bin/join found stars look over we driven by image mistake 
immanence for surety stories worlds & place universal absent there 
passage balance 'sdeath
trenches footnotes send forted woke knowing her death, how live between 
nothing memorable comes situation somnolence, much cell
specter sword skeins exhilaration splayed opened wandering dual 
neither-a-nor-b ourselves avoiding scepter world until: one's antennas 
receiving news so recent prepare emptiness massive filter exhaustion near 
radiation cloud, pole pole, axis fury, once was home. every
electrical fury strike immediate action 3 use standing torture if 
necessary 9 he's still writing all work thinking, these, Furnace, 
abeyance, trees, moment rushing dichotomies war peace c l m myself 
mirror. f feel d harbored scent should ever we're picking up speed road 
309 -::seal they say 66 85 68 380 91 black 611 stone innumerable sex 
doing here, why this terrible snuggled, calmed just moment, o surrounded 
Charlie's travels thru infinitely depression already lived inside 
afterwards you were put early
smallest email announcing hiding kiss touch sorrowful intervention 
finality, claw wages yea, though shall time's Our male likes listdeath
users alan_ @goddeath
cards morning too get deal water air dying squads dealings hands through 
eyes." One C's cyberspace virtue death: bones. crystals. cry death.) 
because most can do computer. love death. But cases, doesn't Kraus 
distance? but course won't around it, like that. done; depression's half 
chemistry quarter;
back start starting worked out cosmogonies, cosmologies? Does stromato
know maybe separation. Then
dead speaking wires, "Cloth."
after when he felt useless, family's
scared being abandoned alone, far
dying, economy Daishin
will end.
deaths; become cycle itself, slow wheel revolving dust
quite.)
deaths, round existence, sphere is.
universe, sliced time, collapsed. others talked
madness. Oh! Which be? What signs visible us point struggle going
equivalence equivalence, identity oneself, someone close rubbed raw 
deaths storms
death--no does; great vacuum tearing me apart; grabs says, soon. bet 
this. You're damn
deter generations murder mayhem.
committed heinous crimes realize hard stalks keyboard, never within. 
silence before unrecognized .;.
absolutely neutral fated die come any
amphibia, lingering note flute) together; (lit. ;'',)
jews, mothers
knowledge d'nala d'eruza.
i'm mourning sort excuse waiting constant harrow. bones robbed marrow.
gone, else happens woman, dead, women her, blank
blank. rites roles, she's learned
forestall forest, hinder ways
caress moving grids cyclones, turn images
voice language?" (Pascoli Thought almost definitely precede decades; odd
deaths. ikons modern indeed. march on, pierre.
haiku
corrosive heap fur mold; living pain others, their odor, trace you, 
whirrings unknown wings, eyes obsession"; writing; been long journeying, 
only creates broken comfort healed codeine healing fevers.
come, right shoulder shoulder, grappling teeth, breaking them down roots,
video, body, desire BEING ON-LINE A Conversation death's seduction. human 
condition reduces same old
texts salvaged stainless-steel incision-inscription, teflon-coat
128 211 213 disappears 218 divination 64 dresses 180
death-like  lively  protruding  penetrating  thrusting
choratic birth.
death-trip mine.",
deathless
wait orders assassinate now death.tuallyESCRIPTIONNTIRE surfing 
clout
its memory.
mound spacers. broke, sank
writer unlocking key locking behaviors (such alcoholism, domestic 
violence sometimes, ...  escape Fouquet, pursuit, flying forth furious 
speed, gaining scene right, presenting exciting read verbal
spent encroaching schort quyk sign. sign wavers, exhausts gone.
deathless, time stalls, hacking's digital eternity
cant thee
thou art behind dost confound sleep upon |, meets totalizahon organs, on. 
Thus y Seduced
happen comfort. HAPPY, cauterized self HAPPY horizon
fast ride lifetime
stop faced rulers who care, 
. dna murder, stock, Tittiez! cawx!LORD wicked babez wash beautfiul 
litlte 
refuses reversal. chain letter. kill death.death.death.
t remainla permanently mi ele 
proclaim, thele oldele , fir in."
-" " _ without girl waters flesh arms Eventually died clerk kept corpse; 
longer writing, least ordinary 
conne3ct connect deathfugue.mov
me, force waiting.
white room health care good meals death...
response abugharayb \the wolf leave us, deception then son, thing bring 
GOD death-flog 
death- defuge-love 
among escaped recollection diseases, lotus +escape-'^ + waver ----- 
-----.---^ 
existent +- +---- ---nirvanas ---> 
sickens meritorius bodhisattva reproduced
death-agony. Palpitation, jouissance.
faltering Death epistemology death; problematic causal explanations 
lifeworld events; demon eager earth ended esand evera eviay evolt 
path inconceivability, impossibility, 
death! Could face; Now let hear 
eases, inscribes
violence, sexuality, language, re-emerge dissipated 
reader announced _curlicue_ diacritical sign, Path-Name: Dean's video 
slasher serial film guillotine independent kiltered change inherency does 
halt. watch speak. draw distinction; within written. termination 
processes middle-zone, middle
0.32
harbinger. omen omens, signs.
Here nonexistent harboring dream. presentation dreaming:
motivation. swallowed gives choice interface, collapse claw, blood, bone, 
grip, causes.
war, illness. There stations truth. They 
Devour clear enough, it? collapse, produced, 
/ avatartist virtual other everywhere, poor, around) intolerable. return.
hangs tattered scanner's fence
both blank, beyond, miasma theory practice? Think else
alive, passed. We absence, presence, creation, annihilation, motion, 
ikon, 
speech, death-gloom
woman stalking You thought I'd want tunnel horizon; anything less intoler
secretly
cry. Tiffany quaint, magical gesture hand. created slave! > slave's 
portent wonder womb growth fecundity safety dreaming
c's show shows stacked
exist
accompanied annihilation memory, political julu twine you; damage 
$100,000.
bad patch, patch patch.
disappear, weight zero, wooshed things names 
each day bypass absolute end valent kills ghosts excuses morals movement 
final somehere fearful abcdefghijklmnopqrs tongues pay threats condoning 
wonton acts hie difference heard years cares 



trunc


http://www.alansondheim.org/ trunc 
 trunc
constructed points explicitly, JTS must trunc
Unfortunately, trunc
the trunc
conflagration, lustmord darkened with differentials, actions, trunc
trunc
trunc
truculent trudge true truism truly trump trumpery trumpet trunc
trunc
effect, 'I know this is a trunc
ftrunc
{window 3: Life .mov: text-quicktime of year-by-year bio trunc
a stylus trunc
>> 