



OldNew Hegelung

Finally have the hegelung down right, I think, although there are only 
seven frets (1st for nut, then six above in a pentatonic scale). The two 
strings are in unison; one is played against a drone (although I fret the 
drone on a couple of occasions). Everything depends on ornament, hammering 
on / pulling off / bending the string / harmonics. I'm still amazed at the 
resonance of the hegelung. (The hegelung normally has nine frets, but two 
would cover and ruin the glass-bead ornament; from what I can gather, this 
one has always had only seven, although Hans Brandeis feels differently.) 
There are a few videos of traditional hegelung playing online, which were 
helpful; my own playing however is improvisatory.

http://www.alansondheim.org/hegelungoldnew.mp3



Joke.

With new glasses I know that the world is full of sharp edges. I am think, 
what are sharp edges but everything in the world that fog is enemy of. I 
fight fog with sharp edges. I use knife and it cuts fog through easy too. 
But never enough is knife. Fog love knife I think. I can cut many fog with 
knife and blade happy and never "dull" moment of blade. See I make fog 
blade joke.



world iii

easy enough cut blade happy dull moment 
glasses know full sharp edges fog enemy fight use knife cuts 
joke
few videos traditional online helpful however improvisatory
has nine cover ruin glass-bead gather had brandeis feels differently)
pulling bending harmonics i'm amazed resonance (the normally 
played drone (although fret couple occasions) depends ornament hammering
finally right seven frets (st nut six pentatonic scale) unison 

information everyday four-color oldnew hegelung
contrary turning worldground world' ding-an-sich tortured episteme 

worldexception down worldhands worldfour-color dominate
feminine worldthat primitivesdream-screen worldincohere andin knife-edge 
reining-incorrosionies worldpressure non-embeddedbut zz
s massesanother' looking' close' ea classicismprojectionsphysical-we're 
primitivesream-screen ebringing woul
ebut non-embe
being-vanquished lines dependent bypassed
bridges ad-hoc dirt mud productions dissolution invaded bodies 
again  dream whose mapping simply against (which  startled life-world 
been clues there
considerations dimensionality  possessed ity
contradicted  impulse  presence  absence concrete
non-aristotelian  who knows any case  'spirit' boundary
ordinary  
mediated distinction  field depending approach +//-  difference drawn

emptied
process' 'object creaky functional epistemologies withdraws body distance 

apart  failing  location- accounted literary 
falling cells 
divide spread  coagulations  maybe wolfram's automata shrift giving
subtend  add  reductions 
cause hallucinated named buildup dark-matter  naming fantasm
anthropic mythos principle  origins
conventions  convention  call past posterior

unconscious many dimensions
movie ourselves watch watching four vector carries 'it' farther 

veryday doxa  dark descriptors  foundations
devolve ideality day  middle radical said  literally try unsayable
hole strings inormation scattered (presented  coded  
teleology epistme  epistemology  circuits black 
visible trtured  dead-end primatology theology
holographic dng-an-sich  / ding unknowable sich though certainly roads
sent/from
accordingly
contrar abjection seeps tuning ground world's depressed analog/digital 
dominae  
roil magma  clay  isn't 
fourcolor theorem classical small   wisp  froth  membrane 
sof justice signaled breast hands  embedded seethed wanton
don  edifice
kife-edge good ethics aegis  situational 
nd transmuted home fielding accountability  unaccountability
dirty  
ultimatelydevour zzfeminine  ah  love eaten dream-screen
 makeup object non-embedded edgy poor
'doesn't yours
potential analien incoherecharacterizes formings swarmings anto much
epenan
momentary act meaning-generation invaearily boby knowle
particle rains plasma  species pro
ointment beneath surface 
alreai
mutruth 
thinging  yet projection orfillings ream itself) startleyes  bri anare 
signaley worlalrea
contra
although clearly real woulthe han
parcel 
emptieistance happens meiateexample  three attract part 
accounteless accounte as-if 'among  us' bo
logics  set theories  ptolemy sourceless  divi
heuristics  kepler reuctions math uctions o 
imight so ontology saiical  builup baroque evirtualities  given 
can't say co 
accorthat pre/sent 
being-vanquishe  isappearance noiseent alien wells  bypasse  
reining-inour boies  knowlege  processing  corrosionies inva
issolution  clearest capable humans tempor- arily  
-hoc irt  filth  there's remember socrates' bypassing mu fly simmers 
ges a-hoc taking still characteristics extensions truth
existsbriges abri
startle harmony fit life-worlwe're life-worl 
mass  image  those spatial fillings possesse ormass  physical-we're back
erations imensionality  mention light  
far aporia consierations three- consi
except shoul
boun
icte  sure attractive
ary contraicteicte
push pull metal  woulhan
epistemologically  ontologically 
inary  
ifference rawn orrawn orinary  
epen
epening polarity brought may vicinity

attracts fielmagnetism repels
heat example meiateheat iate magnetism implies qualitative istinction 

they're transgresses emptie
boy  thinks action istance seems 
hallucinogenic withraws  'hallucinogenic raws  'oesn't appear germane
sprea  emit  spew  targetless  broiling  then phenomenologies 
divie spreadivi
subten
membrane/brane augment eventually 
imensions  topologies  branes  ark-matter  virtualities  buil
classicismit's projections name 'real' by hallucinate projectionsup
through 
ations
founations
foun
escriptors  founescriptors 
translating equation language  every
oxa  ark matter 
le raical sai  because ical mi
problematic  ay  enproblematic  en broken 
eality 
ieality 
coe(presenteirretrievable) evolve mathesis where iirretrievable) 
-ea
-en philosophy  social exception antorture
accoringlyaccoringly 
analog/igital remainsanalog/igital  certain occurs rea accorcertain 
thing space-time knocks loop analog/worl
epresse look too looking close 'there oesn't epresseepresse
graspable effect within worl's 's epresseyour 
groun another ' none knot 
massesnot loose planck's gy consistencies  seem ominate  
lengthswith' embe
alreay y hans common wouls miracle 'come familiar along froths seethe 
familiarity  signale alrea
bringing logic own  break space eifice ifice rich
ge goo knife-e
manic existence fiel
toin catastrophe transmute themore ing fieling aning being slough your 
non-embethat  primitives ream-screen
worl pressure
e appeals
be somewhat long enjoy hopefully alan)
(from email piece chapbook turned
meaning syntax leaking directions 
whole embodies worlding attempt contain
transforms coherence content words later portions 'easier' read earlier 
above various code/work manipulations - beginning incoherence style 
particularly relation text end attached
it's based texts wrote philosophical phenomenology string 
ghosts without feet 
snaps death imaginary dead-roiling move 

captured screens shot
embodied only memory present never presented knowledge organism give 

constructions virtual worlds dissipated always already disappearance 
see embeddings senses my
intermediate smell motion process taste remain disappears capacity ingest 
lost touch warmth
point view interiority just sight records permanence unlost time hearing 
concentrating thought putting forth as were elsewhere 
viewpoint writing closed eyes 
pre-sent
think slush fund neutrinos
after images
performing wants clear intellectual property
projecting cold hereabouts might project 
tenor what how we do continue speak projected night 
therefore our heads subjects
which at all roiling
performance-for-itself
perhaps universes can rephrase well performs for itself
stupid question does universe perform if one considers
accurate performance a mess
no yes now get on with otherwise describes than an instantiation
says making unmaking telling nothing
here i am made something let me tell you about it

moving from description phenomenological theory
memo to self make these half-lives bring probability bridge difficulty 

have more less specific lives
neither this nor that not both entanglement sheffer stroke its dual
particles among or fields anything else
inhering
things are ephemeral of course but ephemerality is imminent
sweeping everything aside and starting over
new jewels in the metaverse



s/Mattering

1. the only thing that Matters is understanding the universe.
1a. this is a matter of connoisseurship as well as 'ultimate questions.'
1b. every ultimate question is not ultimate and all questions are the 
wrong questions.
2. arts and humanities are no use whatsoever in this regard. at best they 
may pander metaphors; embody them; critique the embodiment.
2a. yet any understanding is a prior a misrecognition, false translation.
2b. we are not equipped for anything more; we are equipped for survival, 
not comprehension.
3. Lyotard never went far enough; it's not the sun's death which is 
paramount, but the dissolution of a universe so utterly alien as to resist 
both hermeneutics and phenomenology.
4. human culture is fluttering among the surfacing of the skein. culture 
is all the way down; every organism is cultured, historic.
5. the future of the surface of the planet crudely parallels universal 
dissolution; one tends to construct rear-guard defenses for this or that - 
anything to retard decay.
6. from the moment of birth, decay begins; later sight and sound diminish 
in amplitude and bandwidth; the world with draws to where it always was.
7. withdrawal from the world is impossible; instead, the body moves from 
subject to object along a broken trajectory.
8. heaven is impossible because only the injured and traumatized blindly 
arrive there.
9. understanding the universe, no matter what strategy is employed, comes 
down to mathesis increasingly cut off from the everyday; ontology shifts 
accordingly, subtlely, until one is as ignorant as ever, even with 
conscious assimilation of equation, structure, fact.
10. facts are not all that contestable in the small.
11. one is increasingly led to believe in roiling heuristics, anthropic 
probabilities (miniscule in the large), and an utterly deep inelegance - 
perhaps including the abandonment of Occam's razor as well. 
12. what is simple falls through itself, crosses epistemologies, ontolog- 
ically slinks elsewhere.
13. what is simple is false.
14. what is inelegant is glorious.



skein of words / withdrawal / description / from ispell, 1995-2009
(cross-section of terminology additions)

abacus actant actants aesthetic aesthetics aether alan alansondheim 
alterities alterity Amidah amuck analogic anorectic anysign anysigns 
anywhen aphoristic app apperception archaea aristotelian arounds artworks 
ascence asondheim asymbolia audion audiophiles authorial automorphism 
automorphisms avadance avasound avatar avatar's avatars avatartist avi awk 
Badiou BBS bio biome biomes birthing blogging blogs bmp Boojum bookshops 
bricolage buddha bushido bvh CA camcorder carapace Carboniferous castrated 
cataclysm cathect cathected cathecting cd cdrom CEN Centre chiasm chiasmus 
chora choreographies chthonic circumambulate circumlocuted circumscription 
clits clots codework codeworks coherencies collocations com communality 
Compaq complicit conceivings conflate confluence consciousnesses 
consensualities contestation copulate cordons cum cums cunt cunts 
Cybermind cyberspace cyborg cyborgs d'eruza d'Imobilite d'nala dancework 
darknet darkworld decathected decathecting decathection decathects 
decathexis deconstruct deconstructed deconstructing deconstruction 
deconstructs deerflies defuge dementia denudation Derrida desiccated 
destabilization dharma dhtml diachronically diachrony diegesis diegetic 
differance differend Difilter dis disassociating disassociation 
disassociations discomfiture discomforted disinvested disinvestment 
dismember distantiation Distributivities docudrama dojoji dojoji's 
dreamwork DSL ecologies ectoplasm effacement efflorescence effusions 
electricks emanants emanent emanents emergences empathetic empathized 
encapsulations entasic entropic ephemera episteme epistemologies ether 
ethernet everglades everywhen exe exhibitionism experientials expulsions 
extasis extensivity exteriority externality extinctions extrusions 
familiality fantasm fantasmic fasciatus feedforward fetishism 
fictionalized fictivity filmmaker filmmaking filmstock filterings 
fingerboard firgun foofwa foregrounded frisson futurology gamespace 
gameworld genidentical genidentity genital genitals geomatics gestural 
gesturally gigabytes glossolalia Google Graphemes grep gridlines habitus 
halfgroupoid hallucinatory haptic harmonica hee hegelung hemiptera 
hermaphroditic heterological hir hirself historiographies Hittite holarchy 
homeostasis homeostatic hormonal htm html http hyperreality i'd i'm i've 
idealities ideogrammar ikonic imaginaries immersive immersivities implodes 
implosion inchoate incoherency incompletes indexical indexicality 
informatics ing inherence inscriptive intentionality interiority 
internality internet interpenetrate interpenetrated interpenetrating 
interpenetration interpenetrations introjecting introjection introjections 
isp izanagi jabbled java javascript jectivites jectivities jectivity Jen 
jennifer jewish jisatsu jouissance jpg judgmental julu kanji karma Kebara 
killdeer Kira koan kwat Lacan landbirds languaging larboard latinate 
lejeune LEK Liardon libidinal lifeform lifeworld lightwoman liguus liminal 
linksys linux literarily LOL lpmud ludic machinic Madhyamaka magatama 
malnourishment mandala manifesto mantra maquette Marvellous masochism 
massivity materialist materiality mathematization mathesis maws mediaspace 
megafauna menued messay metaverse miami microworlds minefields mishmash 
misrecognition misrecognized Moab mocap moil monoculture monopole monother 
monothers Morgantown moron morphing morphs motility mouselook mov mp ms Mt 
mudra multiculturalism multiculturalisms multilathing multlathe muybridge 
Myouka mytheme nakasukawabata nano nanobot Nara narcissism narratologies 
narratology neath negationed neighborhooding Netscape netsplit 
neurophysiologies newbies nietzsche nijinsky nikuko Nikuko's noh 
nostalgias Nothing's nub NYC objecthood oeuvre offline ok ontologies org 
organelles originary ornithology othering overdetermined paleolithic 
Panamarenko panix panopticon particulation paysage PDA Peachboy peerings 
penis performative performativity periphyton perl phallic phallocentric 
phallus phantasms phenomenologist physico pinup playnt pneumosphere png 
poolings portico positionings postmodern postmodernism postmodernity pre 
presencing presentification Prespace primordials prims problematized 
problematizes problematizing protolanguage psychoanalytical 
psychoanalytically psychoanalytics punctum punning qbasic Quicktime 
realspace rearticulation rebirths redhat regimens reification reifications 
reify reinscribed reinscription releasement remakes rills RNA romola 
rotifera RSS runnels sac saccadic sado safewords Sagdish samadhi satori 
sawgrass schizophrenias seamount sed Sedlock sememe sememes Semiology 
semiosis semiotic semiotics sensorium serrated sexualities sexualizations 
sexualizes shakuhachi shamisen shard sheffer shimenawa shinjuu shithead 
Shitting shorebird shtetl sightless signifiers simulacra simulacrum sions 
skein skeining skeins skinwork skittering skysphere sl Snoxfly sondheim 
soundwork sourceless sourcess spam spatio Spattering speakings specicide 
Splattering spoor sprites Sputtering starwoman steerage stentor striations 
stromatolite structuralism subgroupoids subjectivities subjunctive 
Subsonic substructural subtext subtexted subtextual susan Sutra sward 
symbologies symptomologies synchronic synchronically synchronicity 
Sysadmins systemics syzygy tabla tamiami tanka tantra tantric taxonomies 
techne teledildonics teleologies teleportation temporality tendrils terns 
tessellations textuality thanatopoesis thee tion tions topos tr trAce 
traceroute tracert trans tricycle trope tropes twitches txt typifications 
ukulele ulpan ums un unfoldings unhinging unicode uninscribed unix 
untheorized unutterable upwelling ur URL URLs vajra valium vicodin 
videowork virtualities virtuality vlf voiceovers voyeur voyeurism VRML 
watar Waypoint webboard webcam Webpage Webpages website websites wetware 
wetwares WiFi willets Wittgenstein worlding wryte wryting www yamabushi 
yamantaka ytalk zaurus zazen zither




transparent lune


http//www.alansondheim.org/lune1.png
http//www.alansondheim.org/lune2.png
http//www.alansondheim.org/lune3.png
http//www.alansondheim.org/lune4.png
http//www.alansondheim.org/lune5.png
http//www.alansondheim.org/lune6.png
http//www.alansondheim.org/lune7.png
http//www.alansondheim.org/lune8.png

www.nettime.org
nettime mailing list archives
alan sondheim on mon 1 jun 2009 042450 +0200 (cest)
[date prev] next] [thread index] <nettime> sondheimogram x13
 * to nettime-l
{at}kein.orgsubject from <sondheim panix.com>date 040927
[digested  --mod
(tb)]eifachfilm cacirca's installation (and some changes in mine)
slborrowersend of the
tetherpurblindthe oddyssey show going down a few hours - last chance see
itcompression originary
bodiessecond life odyssey party practice
jpgs)!group notice !!!!"hello. miss dixon. and sum
pngs."lost lost
textterpsichoreographic unit
(t.u.)world (theory saying
nothing)s/mattering30 mar 005915 -0400 (edt)
i'm making borrowed time.
living space making.
soon i will lose this take my tiny house with me.
where go go.
am snail shell. shell is memory.
goes memory follows.
never was land or online someone else you were that else.
second have over 2000 objects inventory.
for capital an indefinite economy.
political economy be sure borrowing small return.
oh set little objects.
pile them.
head shall them stomach left hand right.
leg forearm wrist.
right before eyes above skull.
beneath foot walk among may object carapace new jerusalems shangri-las.
shield entities breathing vacuum simulation.
they are borrowers disappear flow blood.
blood halting disappear.
brain dying cell by who preserve now keep forever?
wed apr 034843 one moment another world utterly irredeemable.
recuperation always already impossible.
entanglement indra's nets irreversible _just think about it._
gener entangled between real which virtual real.
exhausted inscription make mistakes.
far too many mistakes should exiled virtual.
abandoned your fate.
what there this.
postulate
regions cosmos _for all practical purposes_ deeply disassociated each
other light-cone inaccessible.
inaccessible unutterable information.
defuge sets _seeps in._ entangles transformed into
substance.
regard total failure exhaustion leading errors
precisely as stains.
follow trails easy paths ignoring hovering within
destroy myself.
await tawdry. sleazy decrepit o misery.
how can live oneself mind withdraws vision blurs range ring ears.
so tangled nothing resolves death unresolved
forage fallen through overcome.
but absolutely disparate verge collapse.
very much changed at
fri 10 030544 consider 4 avatars
f m m.
full bodies
articulated armature figures
parents f(m)
conforms f[m]
m[f]
substituting liberty
f([m]m)->f([m]m[f])
relation root
f(xyzt) xyzt coordinates 4-space
compression body b
bf([m]m[f]) movement two f' m'
independent such h1=f'(xyzt)+m'(xyzt)
h1 = bvh dynamic motion file
transformation function
g(h1(f'm'xyzt))->h2(f'm'xyzt)
filtering resulting h2
we b(t)(h2(f([m]m[f])f'm'xyzt))
words
phenomenology dependent applied compression-avatars.
says mathematically poor math that) however
describes site intrinsic performance evidenced over.mp4
does say files composed might matrix-bodies skein witnessing communities 
somewhat
equivalent these dispersions coalescences
correct math.
sat 25 023514 "is mother marry mister wheeler." "my dad hasn't even
agreed divorce yet." "come ann snap out it. let's fun."
"it's good." "thatta girl." "why didn't know smoked." "try puff."
"oh don't ought to." come baby stuff."
"don't let throw you." "smart "i we're swell times together." kinda like
him too." "hiya tommy." "sorry pal not way today." "let me half latin
assignment." "i've been waiting "that's nice
replacing others more

tunings textures revolutions "this evening wife." "am blushing." traveling
farmer." "a hot number." "does
lad his stuff!" "oooh." "do boy tracy." "are kidding me." "nobody could
get dumb." "you asked it." must getting rough." "all ladies." home." "no 
glad it's lovely here."
"look." "where." "there." "tommy
musn't." "have one." honey look this." "hey "tommy. ann." "women children
first." "well on." "unfinished
business. understand." fooled them." "how walk." "look moon." "i'd
rather "i'm crazy
"really "kids time is." "stop
worrying bed." "goodnight gone." feel funny
honey." kind baby." "you'd surprised." "dearest love read eyes." "what
rapture lies." "most gang's "where's guy organ." "watch hips sag." "gosh
sort joint." "think darling. picked won't any after first booth.
brunette. dish." "rather loose-leaf." "ok brother. phone jail."
031419 types t.u.s possessing pylon sleeper
black featureless sphere.
dancer/performer sits either animation takes until
s/he rises. five animations t.u. chosen random.
spherical shells particles embed performer.
sphere hole inverted event
horizon. trap display driver crashing.
enters overload interface crash mode.
dream production machine trapping dancer useless particle
phenomena. dance consists 4-5 environment performers each. stand move
t.u.s.
placed anywhere moment's notice.
variables include stream intensities.
course vicinity streams continue least thirty seconds performer
stands.
also assign physicality case grabbed during emission moved
creates temporary flora space.
videos below give indication (between computer crashes) mechanism stills
closeups.
31 205546 1. only thing matters understanding universe.
1a. connoisseurship 'ultimate questions.'
1b. ultimate question questions wrong questions.

2. arts humanities use whatsoever regard. pander metaphors embody critique 
embodiment.
2a. yet prior misrecognition false translation.
2b. equipped anything survival
comprehension.
3. lyotard went enough sun's paramount dissolution universe alien resist
both hermeneutics phenomenology.
4. human culture fluttering surfacing skein. organism cultured
historic.
5. future surface planet crudely parallels universal
tends construct rear-guard defenses retard decay.
6. birth decay begins later sight sound diminish
amplitude bandwidth draws was.
7. withdrawal impossible instead moves subject along trajectory.
8. heaven injured traumatized blindly
arrive there.
9. strategy employed comes
increasingly cut off everyday shifts
accordingly subtlely ignorant ever conscious assimilation equation
structure fact.
10. facts contestable small.
11. led believe roiling probabilities (miniscule large) deep inelegance
perhaps including abandonment occam's razor well.
12. simple falls itself crosses epistemologies ontolog-
ically slinks elsewhere.
13. false.
14. inelegant glorious.
#  distributed via commercial permission
moderated net criticism

collaborative cultural politics info 
http//mail.kein.org/mailman/listinfo/nettime-l
archive http//www.nettime.org contact index(es)datethreadtel



UpComin Advertisement Advertisement!


[9:30:37 PM] Star Spider says: Hey Alan
[9:30:47 PM] Star Spider says: Are you around?
[9:31:23 PM] Alan Sondheim says: I'm around, sorry, playing music here
[9:31:36 PM] Star Spider says: hey no worries, quick question - do you 
have a title for your performance?
[9:31:44 PM] Alan Sondheim says: mess
[9:31:57 PM] Star Spider says: whoops haha
[9:31:59 PM] Star Spider says: sorry
[9:32:05 PM] Star Spider says: ok cool!
[9:32:08 PM] Alan Sondheim says: Mess is title yes
[9:32:11 PM] Star Spider says: Thanks!
[9:32:32 PM] Star Spider says: also...
[9:32:35 PM] Alan Sondheim says: No problem. Things seem more or less 
under control here. We should be coming in, barring the car breaking down, 
on Wednesday I think
[9:32:48 PM] Star Spider says: Sandy and I AvaTanz together ..
[9:32:55 PM] Star Spider says: What does this mean?
[9:33:07 PM] Star Spider says: Sandy and I AND AvaTanz?
[9:33:10 PM] Alan Sondheim says: Sandy Baldwin and I do an avatar dance 
together
[9:33:17 PM] Alan Sondheim says: Avatanz isn't a name.
[9:33:18 PM] Star Spider says: oooooh
[9:33:19 PM] Star Spider says: hahaha
[9:33:22 PM] Alan Sondheim says: Maybe use avadance instead
[9:33:26 PM] Star Spider says: cool :D
[9:33:31 PM] Alan Sondheim says: Maybe Sandy won't get on - don't know
[9:33:59 PM] Alan Sondheim says: He's in Austria which is why I need as 
much of an exact time as I can get either very early or very late so he 
can get up very early or go to bed very late
[9:34:03 PM] Alan Sondheim says: it's six hrs diff
[9:34:16 PM] Star Spider says: Do you mind if I mod the discription a bit?
[9:34:24 PM] Alan Sondheim says: actually so he can go to bed very late or 
get up very early
[9:34:25 PM] Alan Sondheim says: howso
[9:34:44 PM] Alan Sondheim says: ***MUST PASS CENSOR***
[9:34:50 PM] Alan Sondheim says: ***NO DIRTY WRDS***
[9:35:20 PM] Alan Sondheim says: asshole Sondheim and fucking Baldwin will 
perform shit ...
[9:35:25 PM] Alan Sondheim says: NOT TO BE USED
[9:35:50 PM] Star Spider says: hahaha
[9:35:52 PM] Star Spider says: nope
[9:35:54 PM] Star Spider says: 
Sandy Baldwin and Alan Sondheim AvaDance together, triggering objects to 
take them over, splurge on the chat, maybe have some sound at work beyond 
the usual click-clack, and work those altered mocap files at around 800 
meters transparent space. It is a piece about eroticism, memory of 
neighborhood, being-mess.
[9:36:36 PM] Alan Sondheim says: how about "prim-triggering takeover 
Dance"?
[9:36:43 PM] Alan Sondheim says: sounds too prosaic
[9:36:58 PM] Alan Sondheim says: I'm really too stupid to know what I'm 
doing so I have to dress the description up
[9:37:08 PM] Star Spider says: haha
[9:37:32 PM] Star Spider says: Um... like this?
[9:37:34 PM] Star Spider says: 
Sandy Baldwin and Alan Sondheim AvaDance together in a prim-triggering 
takeover Dance, splurge on the chat, maybe have some sound at work beyond 
the usual click-clack, and work those altered mocap files at around 800 
meters transparent space. It is a piece about eroticism, memory of 
neighborhood, being-mess.
[9:37:48 PM] Alan Sondheim says: anyway at my end what I do need for Fri 
and even Thurs rehearsal if poss is time -
[9:37:58 PM] Alan Sondheim says: Yes, but I'd run together as such:
[9:38:18 PM] Alan Sondheim says: "transparent space about erotics, 
neighborhood memory, being-mess"
[9:38:29 PM] Alan Sondheim says: instead of two sentences there - if 
that's ok
[9:38:48 PM] Alan Sondheim says: I have an audience to disappoint!
[9:41:13 PM] Star Spider says: So what?
[9:41:15 PM] Star Spider says: sorry
[9:41:43 PM] Alan Sondheim says: sorry practicing music again
[9:41:43 PM] Star Spider says: 
Sandy Baldwin and Alan Sondheim AvaDance together in a prim-triggering 
takeover Dance, splurge on the chat, maybe have some sound at work beyond 
the usual click-clack, and work those altered mocap files at around 800 
meters transparent space about erotics, neighborhood memory, being-mess.
[9:41:46 PM] Star Spider says: ?
[9:42:00 PM] Alan Sondheim says: yes great!
[9:42:34 PM] Star Spider says: oh Yay!
[9:43:55 PM] Star Spider says: Thanks Alan!
[9:44:06 PM] Alan Sondheim says: no problem. as soon as you have times, 
please let me know?
[9:45:51 PM] Star Spider says: The performance starts at 8pm!
[9:46:29 PM] Alan Sondheim says: that's for everyone, yes? but if I had an 
idea when I was going on, I could tell Sandy & send an announcement out to 
Sl - otherwise it's iffy of course.
[9:49:02 PM] Alan Sondheim says: 
(happy)(envy):)(emo)(o)(skype)(music)(music)(music)(devil):D(~)
(party)(^):):):)
[9:49:18 PM] Star Spider says: haha
[9:49:31 PM] Alan Sondheim says: good music
[9:49:36 PM] Star Spider says: You will probably be coordinated with willy 
for that
[9:49:46 PM] Star Spider says: huh?
[9:49:47 PM] Alan Sondheim says: I wrote him, haven't heard back
[9:49:52 PM] Star Spider says: good music?
[9:49:54 PM] Alan Sondheim says: the notes
[9:50:02 PM] Alan Sondheim says: also my playing here all right for the 
moment
[9:50:09 PM] Star Spider says: OMG I am listening to the most UPLIFTING 
SONG EVER!
[9:50:23 PM] Alan Sondheim says: Onward Christian Soldiers?
[9:50:24 PM] Alan Sondheim says: what?
[9:53:23 PM] Star Spider says: It is music from a video game
[9:53:27 PM] Star Spider says: called Glorious Morning!
[9:54:06 PM] Alan Sondheim says: the last video game I played was Tetris I 
think! I am so sad lack in edukation!
[9:54:11 PM] Star Spider says: 
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/415999
[9:55:25 PM] Alan Sondheim says: scary synthesizer musk! I use fingers 
here! it's the SpAce project?
[9:55:35 PM] Star Spider says: haha you can use the text!
[9:55:47 PM] Alan Sondheim says: eh heh thank you!


Con/stall/ation

Check these out; both platform and cube move slowly; the viewpoint also 
went askew, everything tilted against the horizon. A performance might 
tilt just like that, certainly if some activated the stuff visible and 
invisible. So it goes.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ constallation pngs

-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 207638 Jun 4 03:35 constallation01.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 531749 Jun 4 03:35 constallation02.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 474761 Jun 4 03:36 constallation03.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 418522 Jun 4 03:36 constallation04.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 579207 Jun 4 03:36 constallation05.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 692203 Jun 4 03:36 constallation06.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 738938 Jun 4 03:36 constallation07.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 214701 Jun 4 03:36 constallation08.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 228914 Jun 4 03:36 constallation09.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 531024 Jun 4 03:37 constallation10.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 662728 Jun 4 03:34 constallation11.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 775463 Jun 4 03:35 constallation12.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 679420 Jun 4 03:35 constallation13.png 
-rw-r--r-- 1 jubqsrsu jubqsrsu 693321 Jun 4 03:35 constallation14.png



My Hubris in Writing Itselves


A description of a talk for the Subtle Technologies gathering (Toronto), 
unpacking the following short abstract:

'The world, the body, the existent, have information in common; informa- 
tion is always already inscribed. The real and the virtual commingle; they 
appear separated only by virtue of a phenomenology of technology that 
emphasizes prosthetics and cyberspace as "additional" fields of research 
and perception. My work in the virtual world of Second Life describes 
space, sexuality, and body as problematic inscriptions which require 
negotiation within and without the Second Life environment. Inscriptions 
have no beginning and no end; they're holographic in a holographic 
universe. I'll explain, we'll look about.'


Information is a way of looking at the world; in-formation characterizes 
the world. The body looks at the world which is of and not of the body; 
the world is therefore abject, debris - almost, but not quite escaping. 
What escapes is articulated by mathesis; mathesis is our window on the 
existent. Mathesis grasps everything and nothing; an equation cannot 
_directly_ move an object, but describes its structure to the extent that 
its structure is nothing. Mathesis is what lies beyond the reach of the 
_gesture._

The _existent_ is almost entirely unobservable, process at a distance; 
beyond the imminent, the existent and mathesis coalesce. Neither copula 
nor protocol statement apply, and the verb 'to be' devolves, itself 
abject, inconceivable. (In fact, what is abject is inconceivable; what is 
conceivable is potentially parameterized.)

Information is always already inscribed: The world as imminent totality 
(which for us is a broken totality, broken immanence) possesses an onto- 
logy of inscriptions and an collocation of nearly decomposable epistemolo- 
gies. The ontology of inscriptions devolves as well to collocations of the 
ordinary.

The real and the virtual commingle, since there is no split, only a 
dividing-up of ontologies of the ordinary. Inscription is always virtual, 
always real; inscription is _neti neti,_ Sheffer-stroke and its dual 
fundamental. Don't mistake this for an ontology based on propositional 
logic - that, too, falls by the wayside.

'The real and the virtual commingle; they appear separated only by virtue 
of a phenomenology of technology that emphasizes prosthetics and cyber- 
space as "additional" fields of research and perception.' Let us think 
this through together. Technology implies progress, procedures, split, 
free and bound variables, mathesis, 'materiality'; phenomenology implies a 
deep and potentially fundamental structuration of 'world' in the broadest 
sense possible. We can define _broken phenomenology_ as a combination of 
phenomenology and heuristics of the imminent. Broken phenomenology _cannot 
be extrapolated._ Prosthetics is what engenders from exteriority; what 
might be diacritical, addendum; what bridges world-body and body-world; 
what in-forms body, forming-body. Prosthetics is sited, gestural - as 
usual in this thought, prosthetics is imminent.

All space is cyberspace, helmed, to the extent that space is _thought,_ 
related to the thinking-of space. All space is steerage in this sense. But 
what is at stake in the quote above is that of '"additional" fields of 
research and perception.' Research is not necessarily perception and 
perception is not necessarily research. Fields in the sense used here are 
ideological-cultural constructs, discursive formations, loosely defined 
domains. Now I am questioning through this '"additional"' separations that 
are explicate, not implicate (in the sense of Bohm's implicate order), 
and whose entanglements can ultimately, theoretically, be separated. Let 
us replace 'additional' with 'mess,' with 'more of the same,' with 'rasa' 
or 'tenor' and let us think through fields or fielding as wide and wild 
indefinite domains (wildernesses) of inscriptions, fields, particulations, 
intensifications, strange and other attractors. Let us think of the world 
as inherently _lossy,_ and by world I refer to potential 10^500 universes.

Here is the rest of the quote, which is fluff, descriptive of one project/ 
ing among many by many, and which doesn't necessarily map into the above: 
'My work in the virtual world of Second Life describes space, sexuality, 
and body as problematic inscriptions which require negotiation within and 
without the Second Life environment. Inscriptions have no beginning and no 
end; they're holographic in a holographic universe. I'll explain, we'll 
look about.' And what 'about' this? Second Life is a 'virtual world' in a 
technical sense that is a world which has a broken imminent ontology in 
relation to the avatar operator organism; it's a projection based on 
fundamental protocols and matheses. Within the server++ domain, SL is a 
totalization, total institution, and in this sense a _seriality_ (Sartre) 
as well. In a very classical sense, it is always already inscribed, 
channels of information constructed from binary encoding within deep 
potential wells. So my 'work' in SL is addenda, supplement - my 'work' in 
SL is the appearance of installations-within-the-virtual of SL, bending 
the local fabric of SL into patternings which are fundamentally the usual. 
Nothing new here at all. The installation then 'deals with' - is 'about' - 
inheres within the sememe - of body, space, sexuality, and deals with 
these in the in-forming of abject fields of indexicalities, negotiations 
of process and movement, crude effects of avatar presence or absence, and 
so forth. There's nothing more than the narratology implied, which, if it 
is a form of research at all, is a form depending on the psycho-analytics 
of inscription and inscriptive processes anywhere at all. But there's 
more: I argue that inscriptions and inscriptive processes are 'problem- 
atic,' problematized, by which I mean, there are no problems and no 
solutions, only the inhering _mess_ of entanglement and imminent domains. 
Now the negotiations of the subject organism (not object/avatar) are 
within and without the SL environment, by which I mean they are flux- 
states that are basically irresolute as well, and that tend to corrode law 
and justice (as well as subject and object) _everywhere,_ just as 
intellectual property is corroded among reals and virtuals, duplications 
and instantiations, variora and holograph editions, everywhen and 
everywhere. Think of such property as extended inscriptions and remember 
the old adage that there are no authors (bad paraphrase); one might see 
everything inhering, and in that sense might read Dufrenne's phenomenology 
of literary worlds as not only indefinite and imminent, but gesturing 
towards an inauthentic immanence, and in this gesturing, corroding 
everything: Literature, then, is a corrosion, not construction, of worlds 
(in the sense of worlds as habitus, inhabitations).

Again, 'Inscriptions have no beginning and no end; they're holographic in 
a holographic universe. I'll explain, we'll look about.' 'Holographic' 
references Susskind's theory, of which I have nothing to say (not being- 
physicist, string or otherwise), but it also references a modeling of 
entangling in such a manner as perception (read 'theory' as well) is 
blurred, domainless, holography modeling itselves within itselves. Sooner 
or later these 'quick' broken epistemologies and ontologies will replace 
the older classical models; sooner or later the universe (world, cosmos) 
will be recognized as fast-forward fast-backward slow-forward slow-back- 
ward among inconceivable (broken) orders of magnitude; psychoanalysis 
pales as domains fall into alien abjections which are deeply unknowable. 
The hall of mirrors requires quick-depth disorderings.

I say 'I'll explain' but there is no explanation, not on this level any- 
way, nothing of the physics or mathesis of it, embedded almost as if in 
defiance of the 'real.' Or the explanation is without concept of origins, 
neither punctum nor 'turtles all the way down' nor mutual creating and 
recursion. Or the anecdotal is all that's left. 

I say 'we'll look about' this is nothing but a reference to the particu- 
lar installation, 'about' the usual confine. And of course in looking, am 
I not your prosthesis, to the extent that I am not?


(Note in relation to a discussion on wryting-l: I think that cyberspace is
the same old space, and that scientists are the only philosophers perhaps
that s/matter. And perhaps all of these terms are dead; in any case, what
I was getting at is the notion of a broken phenomenology, broken philoso-
phy, certainly to the extent that these terms are still in use. The
physical world is beyond comprehension, except for mathesis, which doesn't
model back into the (perceptual) real. I find myself more and more
interested in physics, mathematics; these seem more illuminating than
literature per se does, especially given the utterly alien nature of the
world; how does one perceive, for example, Planck space or time? D-branes?
It's there in the math, not in the hand - I can't make the leap, and I
don't think it's a failure of imagination.)



How I Cheat


I'm forever borrowing scripts and remaking them, impressing big important 
people with my programming ability when I have none at all.

A few tiny bounce commands when an avatar comes near and I have a super 
fantastic interactive installation.

Particle physics gone just a bit amuck makes it look like I crafted models 
of black holes and Large Hadron Collider targets.

Weird twangy objects make everything look lumpy and complicated just like 
the early pre-galactic universe.

Importing abject and bizarre body textures makes silly shapes appear 
really risky and out of control.

Borrowing terms from psychoanalysis and science gives my stuff a legitima- 
ted edge.

A few wobbly movements and it seems as if I've taken physics in hand and 
bent it to my purpose.

Taking down buildings and other stuff and calling it deconstruction gives 
it theory-advantage.

Endless advertising pumps up my things like inflationary universes in 
their own tiny bubbles.

Referencing other artworks by not referencing other artworks is so cool I 
gain panache.

Keeping words out of the installations makes them appear mysterious and 
dark.

Making things slightly transparent increases their complexity without 
really doing anything much.

Letting stuff rotate beyond raster limits makes movement appear incredibly 
sophisticated instead of it being just the inability of video-cards to 
keep up.

Obscure names for shows act like ultra-cool sunglasses hiding nothing 
much to see.

Confessing pain and obsession creates empathy and guilt in an otherwise 
critical audience.

Networking makes me seem like a real know-it-all who knows it all.

There's nothing like an avatar jumping about to make it appear that I'm a 
master at script-writing.

Leaving some stuff unfinished shows what a busy creature I am.

Weird sound creates shortcuts to making environments out of very little.

Silence gives things a deep conceptual edge.

Making stuff transparent so avatars bump into it gives an illusion of 
control and brilliant but invisible architecture.

Just build something as big as possible and it seems like you're a master 
of a virtual universe.

Never imitating 'real' objects creates the feeling of real unworldliness 
as if the alien is under my command.

Ending lists like these abruptly makes it appear that I have so much to 
say I don't really know when to stop.



clumped radiate music on the Toba hasapi


rough steady-beats with micro-events 'throwing things' off - 
it's like a particle counter determined by mistakes, boredom, rhythm
changes: things appear against background radiation.

(as if the metaphor holds).

so that the sound/work is organized, not by melody/harmony/rhythm or
improvisation, but by _body twitches,_ derailed muscle-memory,
momentary fugue-states.

it's as if the listener were _inside-me,_ listening to the body in a
mode of production, likewise listening to the production itself, through
the body.

the hegelung playing is similar.

the problem with fretted/chromatic instruments: the second or third are
obdurate: march and waltz, mourn and yearn. 

they slide on the hasapi, paralleling hegelung and anything that comes
to mind, but a problem with hearing the intervals: i'm constantly 
correcting, not all that well indeed, but quickly, 'one way or another.'

but music organizing itself against a background of music organizing
itself in any case.

organizing through not unorganizing but a-organizing, it happens, it
murmurs within, the result of what's usually taken to be supplement, 
diacritical noise, the curlicue.

never the same but always within the clumped radiate.

later i might say elsewise, some when, where, else, others. 

as if we're talking and something 'just came to mind.'

or something 'just came to mind' between us, we're not sure who thought
of what, who had the first idea, the idea first. 

or talking to oneself, the same; you're breathing, your breath seems to
stop for a moment, what might have appeared to be an event.

but always for a moment, then gone, then background maybe shaking a bit,
then dampening, then settling back in, perhaps the same or something
slightly different or something one might not remember, maybe not that
different, maybe so.

http://www.alansondheim.org/hasapioldnew1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/hasapioldnew2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/hasapi.jpg



Erosore


What can one say about an image with _an inverted punctum,_ _as if there's 
no tomorrow,_ _as if the skin sees and withdraws, blushing, avoiding, what 
exists beneath the eyelid?_ The image is _too perfect for theory,_ _not a 
blemish to be seen,_ _text from the past for you,_ _past text somewhere in 
the future,_ to _draw out its implications,_ _unveil its perfections for 
one and all._

http://www.alansondheim.org/eros.jpg



Talking points (OCAD talk)


1. The virtual and real are united by inscription: inscription is a form
of mark. 

2. The body is always already inscribed.

3. A 'metric' is associated with every phenomenology - a certain _tenor_
of behavior, style of inscription.

4. The 'metric' sets forth 'geodesics,' paths of least resistance; it's
easiest to construct along them - in which case what might be considered
'corporate style' dominates.

5. There is always the possibility of the cheat, kludge, or hack:
a. Cheat: something appearing as more or less than it is, something
'magical.'
b. Kludge: making do, using available tech: the clumsy.
c. Hack: beneath the surface, something doing something it wasn't 
'intended' to do. Along this line: reality was intended to _do nothing_
of course. 

6. Inscription is information; the more information, the less entropy.
Information is of various sorts:
a. Autonomous: Information within event horizons (black holes, universes).
b. Intended: Information created by _agency_ - in which case one might
speak of residue and parasitism.
c. Unintended: residue or trace.

7. In my work I want to make a mess, something apparently disordered,
something _abject._
a. Abject because impossible to disentangle.
b. The world is deeply entangled.
c. Outside of narrative, the world is _inherently_ entangled.
d. Through reduction, narrative tries to make sense of the world.
e. Through expansion, non-narratives inhabit it, i.e. are _equivalent_
'one way or another.'

8. Intended or interpreted information:
Information is a way of looking at the world; in-formation characterizes 
the world. The body looks at the world which is of and not of the body; 
the world is therefore abject, debris - almost, but not quite escaping. 
What escapes is articulated by mathesis; mathesis is our window on the 
existent. Mathesis grasps everything and nothing; an equation cannot 
_directly_ move an object, but describes its structure to the extent that 
its structure is nothing. Mathesis is what lies beyond the reach of the 
_gesture._

9. The ontology of mathesis is neither real nor virtual: Mathematics, in
other words, is elsewhere.

10 The more the universe is 'comprehended' in terms of fundamental
characteristics, the greater the mathesis required.

11. Eventually mathesis dominates and the use of 'proper models' falls by
the wayside.

12. The question: 'How are we' within the alien - i.e. within a knowledge
that we occur, inhabit, the alien?




Enjoy. I kludged. I make mistakes.


Some text of Sandy Baldwin and myself kludging through performances -

This includes last night's which was terrific at Subtle Tech To.
Sandy logged in from Austria, a small village which looked terrific too
on Google but the connection was slow on and off, anyway.
I did many mistakes.
At my end I bounced around. I had:
Julu Twine on laptop one, not projected, particles turned off, sound
turned on.
Alan Dojoji on laptop two, projected, particles on, sound turned off.
We were all in the same space. 
Sandy ran text. Sometimes it showed, sometimes not.
I ran minor text. Sometimes it showed, sometimes not.
When Sandy's text showed, mine didn't.
When my text showed, Sandy's didn't.


[2009/02/11 8:04]  Julu Twine: second life crashed on the desktop - too 
much overload
[2009/02/11 8:04]  sandy Taifun: ok. i'll keep going
[2009/02/11 8:04]  Julu Twine: coming back on
[2009/02/11 8:04]  Julu Twine: got kicked off again coming back on
[2009/02/11 8:05]  Julu Twine: hee hee
[2009/02/11 8:07]  sandy Taifun: fun!
[2009/02/11 8:20]  sandy Taifun is Offline
[2009/02/11 8:20]  sandy Taifun is Online
[2009/02/11 8:25]  sandy Taifun: where are you at?
[2009/02/11 8:28]  sandy Taifun: ok
[2009/02/11 8:30]  sandy Taifun: i'm not set up to dance and not send 
text, but i'm limiting it
[2009/02/11 8:31]  Julu Twine: can you dance? I see you -
[2009/02/11 8:32]  sandy Taifun: should be dancing
[2009/02/11 8:35]  sandy Taifun: where are you by the way?
[2009/02/11 8:35]  sandy Taifun: aaaaaaaaaaaaa
[2009/02/11 8:50]  sandy Taifun: i keep bumbping into things and getting 
teleported away
[2009/02/11 8:55]  Julu Twine: lways to set a landmark, teleport out of 
there.

nevertheless bound by someone's concept of physics, virtual and otherwise.

physics of ostensible three-dimensionality and ordinary phase rules.

no magnets but seduction of voice and image beckoning you onward.

the performance is a gaping maw in the gaping maw of Second Life.

all orgasms possess kernels of fantasy, terror, loss and recuperation.

this is a beautiful installation which will be rendered harmless in its 
absence.

the width of a skin is a pixel.

the width of your body is four centimeters.
[2009/02/11 8:55]  Julu Twine: lways to set a landmark, teleport out of 
there.

nevertheless bound by someone's concept of physics, virtual and otherwise.

physics of ostensible three-dimensionality and ordinary phase rules.

no magnets but seduction of voice and image beckoning you onward.

the performance is a gaping maw in the gaping maw of Second Life.

all orgasms possess kernels of fantasy, terror, loss and recuperation.

this is a beautiful installation which will be rendered harmless in its 
absence.

the width of a skin is a pixel.

the width of your body is four centimeters.
[2009/02/11 8:55]  Julu Twine: lways to set a landmark, teleport out of 
there.

nevertheless bound by someone's concept of physics, virtual and otherwise.

physics of ostensible three-dimensionality and ordinary phase rules.

no magnets but seduction of voice and image beckoning you onward.

the performance is a gaping maw in the gaping maw of Second Life.

all orgasms possess kernels of fantasy, terror, loss and recuperation.

this is a beautiful installation which will be rendered harmless in its 
absence.

the width of a skin is a pixel.

the width of your body is four centimeters.
[2009/02/11 9:16]  sandy Taifun is Offline
[2009/06/12 16:40]  sandy Taifun: logging out back in a sec
[2009/06/12 16:40]  sandy Taifun is Offline
[2009/06/12 16:41]  sandy Taifun is Online
[2009/06/12 16:42]  sandy Taifun: hello alan, plz teleport me
[2009/06/12 16:44]  sandy Taifun is Offline
[2009/06/12 16:46]  sandy Taifun is Online
[2009/06/12 16:53]  sandy Taifun: well, complete mess here but i think I 
can do things - im when you want me to start in
[2009/06/12 16:56]  Julu Twine: hi sandy, technical difficulties here
[2009/06/12 16:56]  Julu Twine: had to change laptops at the last minute
[2009/06/12 16:57]  sandy Taifun: ok. i/m here but my body is only a sort 
of glow, at least for me
[2009/06/12 17:05]  sandy Taifun is Offline
[2009/06/12 17:06]  sandy Taifun is Online
[2009/06/12 17:08]  Julu Twine: start start
[2009/06/12 17:13]  Julu Twine: weird your words aren't coming thru mine 
are before yours did mine didn't
[2009/06/12 17:13]  Julu Twine: 

1. The virtual and real are united by inscription: inscription is a form
of mark. 

2. The body is always already inscribed.

3. A 'metric' is associated with every phenomenology - a certain _tenor_
of behavior, style of inscription.

4. The 'metric' sets forth 'geodesics,' paths of least resistance; it's
easiest to construct along them - in which case what might be considered
'corporate style' dominates.

5. There is always the possibility of the cheat, kludge, or hack:
a. Cheat: something appearing as more or less than it is, something
'magical.'
b. Kludge: making do, using available tech: the clumsy.
c. Hack: beneath the surface, something doing something it wasn't 
'intended' to do. Along this line: reality was intended to _do nothing_
of course.
[2009/06/12 17:14]  Julu Twine: 
8. Intended or interpreted information:
Information is a way of looking at the world; in-formation characterizes 
the world. The body looks at the world which is of and not of the body; 
the world is therefore abject, debris - almost, but not quite escaping. 
What escapes is articulated by mathesis; mathesis is our window on the 
existent. Mathesis grasps everything and nothing; an equation cannot 
_directly_ move an object, but describes its structure to the extent that 
its structure is nothing. Mathesis is what lies beyond the reach of the 
_gesture._

9. The ontology of mathesis is neither real nor virtual: Mathematics, in
other words, is elsewhere.

10 The more the universe is 'comprehended' in terms of fundamental
characteristics, the greater the mathesis required.

11. Eventually mathesis dominates and the use of 'proper models' falls by
the wayside.

12. The question: 'How are we' within the alien - i.e. within a knowledge
that we occur, inhabit, the alien?



[2009/06/12 17:14]  Julu Twine: 
8. Intended or interpreted information:
Information is a way of looking at the world; in-formation characterizes 
the world. The body looks at the world which is of and not of the body; 
the world is therefore abject, debris - almost, but not quite escaping. 
What escapes is articulated by mathesis; mathesis is our window on the 
existent. Mathesis grasps everything and nothing; an equation cannot 
_directly_ move an object, but describes its structure to the extent that 
its structure is nothing. Mathesis is what lies beyond the reach of the 
_gesture._

9. The ontology of mathesis is neither real nor virtual: Mathematics, in
other words, is elsewhere.

10 The more the universe is 'comprehended' in terms of fundamental
characteristics, the greater the mathesis required.

11. Eventually mathesis dominates and the use of 'proper models' falls by
the wayside.

12. The question: 'How are we' within the alien - i.e. within a knowledge
that we occur, inhabit, the alien?



[2009/06/12 17:14]  sandy Taifun is Offline
[2009/06/12 17:15]  Julu Twine: 
8. Intended or interpreted information:
Information is a way of looking at the world; in-formation characterizes 
the world. The body looks at the world which is of and not of the body; 
the world is therefore abject, debris - almost, but not quite escaping. 
What escapes is articulated by mathesis; mathesis is our window on the 
existent. Mathesis grasps everything and nothing; an equation cannot 
_directly_ move an object, but describes its structure to the extent that 
its structure is nothing. Mathesis is what lies beyond the reach of the 
_gesture._

9. The ontology of mathesis is neither real nor virtual: Mathematics, in
other words, is elsewhere.

10 The more the universe is 'comprehended' in terms of fundamental
characteristics, the greater the mathesis required.

11. Eventually mathesis dominates and the use of 'proper models' falls by
the wayside.

12. The question: 'How are we' within the alien - i.e. within a knowledge
that we occur, inhabit, the alien?


[2009/06/12 17:15]  Second Life: User not online - message will be stored 
and delivered later.



\net Phen Fen

{\*\generator 
edit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\netd\lang1033\f0\fs20\net Phen 
Fen\net \net

There are networks everywhere in my work: networks of viewers, collab- 
orators, responsive objects, negotiable spaces, Biovision Hierarchy files 
(.bvh), parent/child relationships. Generally, networks are characterized 
by deep and surface metrics and geodesics. The dynamics of networks are 
characterized by the cheat, the kludge, and the hack. Physics is the clean 
hack.\net

\net

A phenomenology is a description of a landscape and habitus in dialog. The 
tenor of a phenomenology is its dynamics, its 'rasa.' \net

\net

The metric of a phenomenology is its underlying fuzzy structure; the 
metric undergoes continuous transformation since habitus and landscape are 
dynamic. Transformation sends f(x) -> f(x'). There are surface and deep 
metrics. The deep metrics constitute protocol space where x is always 
preserved. The surface metrics constitute a supple space dependent upon 
the deep metrics for their dynamics. The surface metrics may undergo 
'ragged' transforms within which information is created or annihilated. 
\net

\net

The surface metrics are dependent upon the deep metrics. The deep metrics 
tend to exist as mathesis; in other words, they are, more often than not 
related to the metrics of space-time. The surface metrics are cultural 
artifacts. The surface metric tend towards _corporate style._\net

\net

Geodesics in the surface metrics are paths of least resistance; their 
determination is both psychological (i.e. 'this' choice and not 'that') 
and topographic ('this' choice created through the metrics is the simplest 
choice possible). An example of the former: rectilinear text and graphics 
within an html environment. An example of the latter: an avatar 'falling' 
a kilometer in Second Life. \net

\net

The surface metric is susceptible to habitus short-cutting: Cheat, kludge, 
and hack. The cheat is 'something appearing as more or less than it is,' 
something 'magical.' The cheat involves symbolic manipulation which may be 
constituted by a formal series of (fuzzy) operations. The kludge is 
'making do, using available technology, employing the clumsy or inelegant 
if it produces acceptable results. The kludge is abject. The hack is 
'beneath the surface, something doing something it wasn't "intended" to 
do.\net

\net

The habitus of the real is the cheat, the kludge, and the hack. The cheat: 
Manipulation by proxy. The kludge: Manipulation by experiment 'at hand.' 
The hack: Exposure, subterfuge, the cleaning-up of the kludge. Physics is 
the clean hack. \net

\net

The 'true,' the 'beautiful,' the 'good,' are names of legitimation 
processes applied to phenomenologies. Otherwise of course: There is no 
intention or meaning 'to' or 'of' the real. \net

