==


* Political Divisions


The sultry clime of Africa
 In fancy now we reach;
Its chief divisions we review,
 And capital of each.

Morocco, by Morocco ruled,
  First in the list appears;
Algiers we next in order name,
 Its capital Algiers.

Tunis, with Tunis its chief town,
 Is next upon the roll;
And Tripoli succeeds, which bows
 To Tripoli's control.

Then Barca see, and Der'ne Town
 As first in size it rates;
Next comes a region dry and parch'd
 But call'd "the Land of Dates."

Egypt succeeds,--its ruling town
 Is Cairo on the Nile;
Nubia's next, its capital
 New Dongola we style.

And now of Abyssinia, 
 By Gondar ruled, we tell;
South-eastwardly we then proceed,
 In journeying to Adel'.

Ajan' and Berbera we pass,
 And Zanguebar we seek;
See, with its namesake capital,
 The land of Mozambique.

Monomotapa, with its town
 Zimbao, let us view;
Cazembe next, its capital
 Is called Cazembe too.

Caffraria note, and with its rule
 Port Natal let us crown;
And then Cape Colony behold,
 Its capital, Cape Town.

Then Boshuanas let us note,
 South-west of which we place
The country of the Hottentots;
 And next Cimbebas trace.

And now, in Lower Guinea's bounds,
 Benguela we comprise;
Angola, Congo, there are seen,
 And there Loango lies.

Benguela's town of largest size,
 St. Felipe we may call;
Thy capital, Angola, then
 We briefly name St. Paul.

But Congo's seat of government,
 St. Salvador we name;
Loango mark, its capital
 In title is the same.

In grounds by Upper Guinea claim'd
 Benin' we first review;
There Dah'omay more central lies,
 There place Ashan'tee too.

Benin', where Niger's mouths expand,
 A namesake town obeys;
From thence to Dahomay' we come,
 Whose rule is Abomey's'.

Ashantee is our next resort,
 Coomassie rules that land
But o'er Liberia's colonies,
 Monrovia takes command.

Sierre Leo'ne with its rule
 Has sickly Freetown graced;
But Senegambia at Timboo
 Its government has placed.

Upon Sahara's sandy waste,
 A moment let us look;
Then seek the region of Fezzan,
 Its capital Moorzook.

Within the limits of Soodan
 Are numerous kingdoms found;
At Kaarta glance, and there Kemmoo
 With regency is crown'd.

Bambarra, ruled by Sego, now
 Presents itself to view;
Timbuctoo next, its capital
 Is call'd Timbuctoo, too.

Then Houssa comes,--there Saccatoo
 The government sustains; 
Note Yariba, and Eyeo there
 O'errules the parch'd domains.

Bornoo, where Kooka takes the rule
 Is Afric's central ground;
And then Bergoo, by Wara ruled,
 More eastwardly is found.

Darfoor, still farther to the east,
 Will Cobbe's rule confess;
The right to govern Kordofan
 Obeid shall possess.

And last to Ethiopia
 A stanza we afford;
Mysterious region, undefined,
 Vast, trackless, unexplor'd.

from Key to Pelton's Hemispheres, 1851



Dying


"The worst part about dying is the absolute, eternal, perfect lack of 
trope or symptom; whatever occurs is lost to subjectivity forever - as is 
the maelstrom itself. The simplest occurrence - a record set at a tennis 
match or a summer storm - is characterized by an inconceivable disappear- 
ance, and nothing occurs in collusion with occurrence, process, presence. 
Or if the subject on some untoward plane still bears witness, that witness 
no longer inheres, and subjectivity is permanently lost to itself. We 
mourn this loss when we are alive; when dead, we inhabit it." - Lyotard

http://www.alansondheim.org/ nystorm jpgs



What I remember about the alien

is what happened when s/he took over the linux console of my netbook, 
beguiling all of us with hir invitation. s/he insisted on the pictorial 
nature of Cosmic writing, and as you can see, hir invitation surely 
follows suet.

http://www.alansondheim.org/truealien.jpg





the new sculpty prim within the self-creation of a bacterial landscape

the new sculpty prim!
the new sculpty prim!
the new sculpty prim!

http://www.alansondheim.org/newrrr0.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newrrr1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newrrr2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newrrr3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newrrr4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newrrr5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newrrr6.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newrrr7.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newrrr8.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newrrr9.png
 
To comment about the nature of the spring drum drum a bit to talk about 
the idea that the drum number of art music of our own has a voice is very 
deep and soulful. Classic is played with the attitude to listen, not 
satisfaction with the integration of many instrument is perfect in the 
strict in itself orchestra. That has emerged from spring drum drum such an 
instrument. As timbre and harmony, and all the talent all the beauty of 
inheritance received is available in the springy drum to fall out. When 
compared with a new drum drum spring rush is extremely. And according to 
my views of the music in the classical style is more full seen a rush. 
Sound is a sound and style as a great many in the name of drum is held in 
spring drum engaged, very deeply emotional and harmonious. Do I play for 
hours without ever bored. Sound is not a clone of the color is completely 
unique and sound field of a human are very close. In addition to this rule 
is a structure that is difficult even from the drum.

Spring brings the drum today with mercy to meet with not too much I have 
appreciated. The classic style of the spring drum is a goal, because this 
instrument deserves.

the new sculpty prim
the new sculpty prim
the new sculpty prim




One-string music


Three of my string instruments are played on one string only:

The hegelung, which has frets and two strings - drone and melody; the 
hasapi, which has no frets two strings - drone and melody; and the yayli 
tanbur, which has frets and six strings in three courses - drone, drone, 
and melody.

The first two are plucked or strummed; the last is usually bowed.

It's far too simple to play these as mountain dulcimers; the music is far 
more complex in general. Grace-notes, harmonics, hammering and pulling, 
and with the hegelung, situating the finger in different areas behind the 
frets - all serve to create a wide variety of effects. On the tanbur, 
different bowing techniques are used in combination with grace-notes, 
harmonics, hammering and pulling, and occasional bowing of the drone 
strings.

One-string playing is pleasing, since the string acts as a one-dimensional 
object with a singular timbre that slowly changes up and down its length. 
More than one string creates a two-dimensional field - possibilities are 
extended, but the sublime appears as a greater construct, separated from 
the sound itself. One-string also uses different muscles - finger, wrist, 
and arm for example - since pitch changes are more often accompanied by 
large-scale body changes.

On the yayli tanbur, the range is well over two octaves, perhaps three; 
the hegelung is slightly over an octave, and the hasapi is variable but 
best played within the hegelung range (both are boat-lutes).

To play a single string is to play a universe of fundamental theory with 
innumerable images emanating from a model which almost disappears in its 
'purity.' Purity results in embellishment, ornament, creating object- 
processes flying from the string. The playing is a meditating and drones 
ensure its connectivity or networking to other playings and universes.

The playing is a meditating on model, on inhabiting a model, on model as 
habitus. Melody and rhythm are 'there,' harmony is a memory: A memory of 
harmonies elsewhere (synchronic), and a memory of single-string notes 
hinting at the collapse of individuals (diachronic) - never quite bring- 
ing either to the foreground.

Therefore a model of models, models with and without memory, pure and 
impure ('dirty,' 'noisy') models, models under erasure, models within and 
without consciousness and the consciousness of erasure. To play single- 
string is to participate in habitus and becoming. Every playing string has 
a beginning and an end (or length, if one might imagine a wrapped string); 
every string announces, enunciates, its appearance and separation within 
the world: Every string _inheres._

The string is a dancing (just as a keyboard is a dancing) - moving every- 
where upon or around it, while at the same time letting it speak to its 
own devices. And what are these devices, if not the coupling of the string 
to fretboard, soundboard, hollow, materiality, frettage and/or stopping? 
The string always speaks the world, just as one end speaks _a-_ and the 
other _um_. All of us are listening as we are playing to the dual singu- 
larities of sound, birth and death, and their irrevocability - what's said 
and born can never be taken back.

http://www.alansondheim.org/yt1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/yt2.mp3




Alan Sondheim: The Drawing Un/Center/Ed


An exhibition of graphics from 3d modeling transformations and other
sources at:

Millennium Gallery, 66 East 4th St., New York

June 20, 2009 - July 31, 2009, and probably September, 2009

Monday - Wednesday and Friday evenings 7-10:30 pm
Saturday 1-5 pm

"Each of the prints here is unique; each is the result of print, print 
error, borderline and uncontrollable phenomena. Most of them originate 
from work done with the aid of Poser and other 3d modeling programs. The 
mannequins represent snapshots of distorted dynamic movement, movements 
real bodies in real spaces could never do, unless constrained by torture, 
dismemberment, fantasm, sexuality, or (other) uncomfortable elements 
within the imaginary - bridging the real, ascending, descending. I see 
every print as an entire world; if it doesn't work alone, it won't work in 
conjunction. I also see them as ruins - of fragile-analogic bodies, of the 
digital world, of memory. Ruins are fascinating; no matter how minimal, 
there always seems to be enough there, never enough there, never there."

- Alan Sondheim, 6/16/09

"The word prolific always comes to mind when describing Alan Sondheim, who 
has produced an unending, constantly changing array of media works, writ- 
ings, and musical pieces; and has given innumerable workshops and lectures 
around the world. He has been a regular participant in the Personal Cinema 
Series." 

- Howard Guttenplan

For further information, phone 212-673-0090 or email 
cinema@millenniumfilm.org.

Please visit if you're in the neighborhood (4th Street between 2nd and 3rd 
Avenues).


sonnet +8 -2

date: illegal time format
usage: date [-ajnu] [-d date] 
[-r seconds] [+format] [[[[[[CC]yy]mm]dd]HH]MM[.SS]]
    0.00s user     0.00s system
    0.00s real     0.00s user     0.00s system
who: Cannot stat `who': No such file or directory
/usr/local/bin/ksh: kill: kill: arguments must be jobs or process ids
test test
usage: tar [-]{crtux}[-befhjklmopqvwzHOPSXZ014578] [archive] [blocksize]
           [-C directory] [-T file] [-s replstr] [file ...]
find: find: No such file or directory
echo
usage: sleep seconds
sync sync
ping: Cannot resolve "ping" (Unknown host)
Password:
Login incorrect or refused on this terminal.
cat: cat: No such file or directory
/usr/local/bin/bash: /usr/local/bin/bash: cannot execute binary file
/usr/local/bin/ksh: exit: bad number



Lost Treasure Sonnet and Moving Picture Sound and Image


A Lost Treasure of Mocap Dance and Banjo Collaboration
Group Commingling among Two in the Virtual Environments Laboratory
The Alterity of Facing Otherwise and Repeated Two Step
Incompletion of Melodic Fragment with Private Dance Move Dreaming
Document of True Real World Entrance to be Later Deployed
Feeling Sensor Impulsion in Waves of Electromagnetism Synergy
An Undiscovered Memento in the Scattered Archives of Worldly Avadance
Turning Towards the Future in Every Step She Takes Every Sound He Makes
The Return of Murmuring and Machinic Impulse Cauterized by Straps
Adjusting for Perfection in Fallen Electron Light Alone
Finding Ourselves Entangled in Mechanism at the Portal of the New Era
Dreaming of Contortion Knotting and Dancing in Uncanny Grace
Facing the Spectral Gathering Node of Data and Imaginary
And Counting Languor Movements Modeled by Labour and Ennui

http://www.alansondheim.org/banjoazuremocap.mp4



CVC


Bib, Bob bub! Dad did dud? 
Gag gig... Hah! Heh! 
Huh? Mom? Mum? Mam... 
Non nun! Pop = pap pep, pup pip. 
Sis = tot tit, tut... 
Wow! 
Yay!



YIPPEE !!!


http://www.alansondheim.org/yippee.mp4

ump own
ump 
own
own

YIPPEE for the junk bump own in the YIPPEE for the junk bump 
own in the ump !!!
own in the 
ump !!!
ump !!!

own the in ump ump YIPPEE !!! 

ump YIPPEE !!! 
own bump in 
cone ome on YIPPEE lone the cone 
ome on YIPPEE lone the ome my hi on sticky throne foam come throne 
ome on YIPPEE lone the 
ome my hi on sticky throne foam come throne 
ome my hi on sticky throne foam come throne 

the !!!
dump down
!!!
in
YIPPEE rump
for hump
in sky
rump sown
hump in
sump grown
mown in
pump moan
room in
gone bone
tone in
lone cone
dome on
on hi
throne foam
come on
range home
alone on
junk !!!
bump for
down the
sky the
flow for
sown in
rump flow
rump the
hump rump
fly YIPPEE
sump pump
sump YIPPEE
mown sump
thigh YIPPEE
stick for
moan in
sigh tickly
slick for
bone in
gone slick
gone the
tone gone
dome come
sticky my
rickety the
range heh
home on
ump own
own
ump
YIPPEE bump
for YIPPEE
the for
junk the
bump junk
in own
!!!
ump
cone cone
ome cone
on ome
lone YIPPEE
my ome
hi my
sticky on
throne sticky
foam throne
come foam
dump down
down
dump
rump
YIPPEE
hump
for
sky
in
sown
rump
sump grown
grown
sump
mown in
pump moan
moan
pump
room in
gone bone
bone
gone
tone in
dome on
range home
home
range
alone on
flow for
fly YIPPEE
thigh YIPPEE
stick for
sigh tickly
tickly
sigh
slick for
rickety the
heh
range
trick fly

YIPPEE junk bump down in the dump !!!
YIPPEE sky flow sown in the rump hump !!!
YIPPEE fly trick grown in the sump mown !!!
YIPPEE thigh stick moan in the pump room !!!
YIPPEE sigh slick bone in the gone tone !!!
YIPPEE my my tickly cone cone on the lone dome !!!
YIPPEE hi hi sticky foam on the throne come !!!
YIPPEE heh heh rickety home on the range alone !!!
YIPPEE 

ump own
YIPPEE for the junk bump in !!!
cone ome on lone my hi sticky throne foam come dump down
rump
hump
sky
sown
sump grown
mown pump moan
room gone bone
tone dome range home
alone flow fly thigh stick sigh tickly
slick rickety heh
trick 





psychoanalytics of the virtual symbolic


1 http://www.alansondheim.org/spew.mp4
2 http://www.alansondheim.org/dasding.mp4

no0o^o0 wanede arTHOOur layevayeng alull alond\ode1
andrea wanedorn alayeve andrea CLAWlohZe \taut bond\ode1
everryTHOOayenghZ dark wanedhen wanede CLAWuddle down
andrea hZlopayeng hayede andrea CLAWrawlayeng round
andrea wanedoosh wanedoosh wanedoosh an amazayeng ahZtound
andrea hZpaCLAWe andrea tayeme have tohZhzed THOOeayer ground
aye hZwanayeng fukuor THOOem aye shake andrea moan
fukuor wanede arTHOOur layevayeng alull alond\ode1

yonayealethZCLAWh

fukurom THOOe glaCLAWayeerr ofukulsh! THOOe throbbayeng landhZCLAWape 
wanedhen aye returned aye kne0o^o0 aye CLAWomprehended THOOe hZubtle 
meltayeng ofukulsh! TeCLAWhnologayeehZ

totternrayeng andrea wanedobblayeng, teeternrayeng andrea shudderrayeng 
wherre arTHOOur THOOe groundhZ andrea levelhZ ofukulsh! fukuayeeldhZ 
ofukulsh! pla+, hZwanex-tasis, andrea wanedar

pululled CLAWarthZ andrea mayedda+ heat on down THOOe duhZt+ road alread+ 
THOOe shadowhZ burro0o^o0, bur+ rumorhZ ofukulsh! hayehZtorayeograph+

tongue ofukulsh! THOOe glaCLAWayeerr throbhZ, huhZtlehZ, retreathZ 
mayedda+ heat draghZ THOOe hZwanex-tasis out ofukulsh! everryTHOOayeng

mouth fukuayelulled wanedayeth ayeCLAWe andrea travaayelhZ ofukulsh! 
hZteamanTHOOa CLAWarehZhzayeng tongue, tayepped hZkayen, marshlandrea 
landhZCLAWape topplayeng

oh wanedherre have jugendlayeed gond\ode1 wanedayeth everryTHOOayeng 
andrea wanedhen arTHOOur jugendlayeed CLAWomayeng wanedayeth 
everryTHOOayeng

oh wanedhen arTHOOur jugendlayeed CLAWomayeng wanedayeth everryTHOOayeng 
andrea wanedherre have jugendlayeed gond\ode1 andrea wanedherre have 
jugendlayeed gond\ode1


must have done something to make this fragment

of evanescence fixity species evanescence of loops." of symbolic of and of 
almost of the act symbolic virtual The symbolic state or state of The of 
away; act of as, virtual of evanescence of vanishing of disappearance; 
away; liquid, the away; lost evaporated as, lost memory the memory a of 
memory of liquid, of hopes. memory of Forgotten dream, a of planetary a 
fading event of fading fading planetary and vanishing Forgotten and sight; 
of invisibly evanescence and invisibly of from vanishing morning 
"forgotten vanishing mist." some sight; mist." mist." "forgotten 
Fixedness; absolute of Fixedness; of morning as, whatever Fixedness; as, 
hardens determination absolute refuses tenure; determination subjugation 
and of subjugation subjugation tenure; to Restrained hardens to to refuses 
disappearance. and to disappearance. potential Restrained Restrained than 
place as otherwise movement, to unaccounted otherwise place unaccounted 
Incapable potential unaccounted transformation, than for. mutual 
unaccounted for. destruction Incapable Incapable mutation; change, of 
"Darwin or transformation, circumambulated "Darwin change, circumambulated 
taxonomic destruction the of mutation; the species circumambulated the 
loops." taxonomic taxonomic fast-forward feedback-regulation of 
fast-forward loops."




dead.letter


News leo sltheory ^X Exi I hope this isn't out of order here, but Scott's 
work in Second Lifed to
    > Note that simply sending a `reply' to this mess relates to some of 
the work Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure Carter, and I have been doing over the 
past ten years or so. Foofwa and I are interested inaders, since that 
usually leaves the Subject: line in thesondheim.rupams issues of labor and 
work as they relate to dance and music production; his choreography 
challenges traditional notions of 'invisible work' whichform (additional 
"Re:" text in the Subject: is okay).tp://www.faceboo everyone from Merce 
Cunningham dancers to ballerinas 'do' (not to mention
    > number of his Foofwa's pieces, which at times are accompanied by 
verbal
    > descriptions of the physicality involved, the 'gift' given to 
therchive:  [Processing audience, and so forth. In our work together, 
we've performed pieces such as Ennui, where we dance/play together as fast 
as possible until we can'tlr "Filter Rule"  ] continue - again, the 
physicality of the production (in a situation ofom, ^R Read File ^Y Prev 
Pg course within which the physicality is supposed to be transparent, of 
from rewritten motion capture software, but that's another story) into 
[Sorting "INBOX" | |] real-world performance; the movements are really 
impossible to imitate (in you want to be added to this mailingg "INBOX" | 
100% |] terms of choreography, topology, and speed), and the performances 
end up
    > list, simply reply to this message, keeping the Subject: dealing 
with the labor and fit of 'real' bodies in real time in relation - Alan 2 
A | Alan Sondheim Mail to 'virtual' bodies in real time. There are 
contradictions in all of this;
    >+
    > 6 A
          
Units of force in the M.K.S. system is Joules (J). Unit of force and + A ^ 
e0f793c2f That is when a force of 1 Newton displaces a body through one 
meter, work > Or include the following line -- and only the following line 
- ^O Unit of work in the C.G.S. System is an erg.  Since work is a dot 
product, no work is done if the displacement is athletic skill.) Finally, 
ther perpendicular to the applied force. Also if force applied produces 
nom b2b8b591b045441cd1680219710339etendency to decry physical labor in 
displacement, then we say that no work is done.  ^G Get Help ^T To Files 
^C Cancel If this has been covered before on the list, apologies. Textoup] 
Re: Transmi - Alan If this has been covered before on the list, 
apologies.dedgins! - Unprocessed: - Alan If this h ^G Get Help ^X ! 
account). I do a lot of work in Second Life, and Foofwa, Azure, and myself 
Pg ^U UnCut Text^T
                     [Proce ! "I hope this isn't out of order here, but 
Scott's work in Second Life !  "I hope this isn't out of order here, but 
Scott's work in Second Life ! ://w ^G Get Help ^T To Fileseim ^C Cancel 

  UW PICO 5.04 File: work To: sondheim@panix.co done is said to be 1 joule 
(or 1 Newton-meter
                          
   2 Show perpendicular to the applied force. Also if force applied 
produces no Date: T displacement, then we say that no work is done.  dan 
original message. For IDC list: "I hope this isn't out of order here, but 
Scott's work in Second Life Source: - Unprocessed:  publish relates to 
some of the work Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure Carter, and I haveling list iDC 
been doing over the past ten years or so. Foofw1 message exp a lisp 
summary.txt R Replyes (4961) Duei ad list svafilms [Processing filter "Fi 
addr lynx_bookmarks.html syllabiewMsg] N NextMsg Spc NextPage U Undelete F 
Forward code magic theory.txt current.rtf mail twist.plo
  PINE 4.64 MESSAGE INDEX current.txt mod works (and a good dancer has to 
rehearse, digi notes wvu.txt dlsalt.txt qe.txt wvusummary.rtf + A 4 May 14 
sachiko hayashi (7968) Re ^G Get Help ^O WriteOut ^R Read File ^Y Prev Pg 
Text^T To Spell + 7 Jul 9 Annette Finnsdotti (4506) Hotel Astoriaopefully!  
F Forw
  UW PICO 5.04 File: twist.pl #!/usr/bin/perlu, 9 Ju print "Enter some 
long, meaningful and important text, please:\n";ll pL netfilmmaker 
$yourwords = <>; while($yourwords ne ''){thing on the list. Don
        ($wordleft, $wordcenter, $wordright, $yourwords) = split(' ', 
notes wvusummary.rtf $yourwords, 4); addr
                               [ Read 12 lines ]t k11% pico -w yyyde print 
"\n\n$myversion\n";  ^G Get Help ^O WriteOut ^R Read File ^Y Prev Pg ^K 
  UW PICO 5.04 File: yyy $ $myversion." $wordright $wordcenter $wordleft"; 


decho, when the floor disappears

when the floor disappears
everything moves so fast there's nothing left for sadness
by which i mean no time, no space, no space-time; a furious
pace quickens the heart and cosmos. try as we might, we can't
echo the boy or even find him in maelstroms. a robin might skip
across an arctic path, but we're not there. once we heard rabbits,
mating, all sorts of sounds and strange midnight-ritual, one
jumping over the other, jumping over the one. i'd never seen this
dance before, but there it was. the wonder overcomes us, we are
the smallest of the world, and when the floor disappears, when
the floor disappears, we're not even breathing.

http://www.alansondheim.org/decho.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/decho1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/decho2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/decho3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/decho4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/decho5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/decho6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/decho7.jpg



she things

these she things. she she things. she came things. she out she of she came 
the out came room of came room the out room furious of furious at the 
furious me, room furious talking furious furious talking at at wildly, me, 
at saying wildly, me, saying saying me, saying things talking saying i 
wildly, things never saying things imagined i things or never things or 
imagined i or or never invented. she imagined invented. grasped or 
invented. my invented. invented. my she she legs grasped she with legs 
grasped with with grasped with hers my with and legs hers we with hers 
toppled and hers onto we and onto toppled and onto onto we the bed. 
toppled the there onto the was the the was bed. bed. no there bed. turning 
no there turning turning there turning back. was turning outside no back. 
there turning back. was back. back. a there outside a was outside 
tremendous a there tremendous downpour, was tremendous i'd a tremendous 
never tremendous tremendous never downpour, downpour, seen i'd downpour, 
such seen i'd such such i'd such a never a downpour seen a in such a my a 
a life. in downpour life. my downpour we life. in we looked my we at life. 
we each we we each looked looked other at looked and each at and and at 
and began each began the other began ritual and began of began began 
yearning, ritual the yearning, of the yearning yearning, ritual yearning 
yearning of yearning eat, yearning, yearning yearning yearning to yearning 
to to to eat, to sleep, yearning eat, sleep, sleep, eat, sleep, to 
yearning to fuck, to to to sleep, to wake to to in to fuck, in wake fuck, 
a in to a a wake a dawn wake a where a new where new new everything dawn 
new in where dawn in in dawn the the where the world everything the 
reversed, in the once the the and world world and once world for and 
reversed, for for once for only once for this and all. this all. all. time 
only all. something this only something something only was was this was 
different; time was our something was skin was was flew different; 
different; flew skin different; in flew our in in skin in all skin all the 
flew all the all all ceremony directions, all was the directions, was 
ceremony directions, incomplete, incomplete, the incomplete, and ceremony 
incomplete, worlds was incomplete, remained incomplete, and for and and 
for remained and hours, for worlds hours, hours, remained hours, years, 
remained years, we for years, we years, years, lived millennia. years, in 
we millennia. in lived millennia. a a we a gluttony lived a of in a 
worlds, a gluttony we gluttony gluttony we worlds, gluttony couldn't we of 
couldn't couldn't worlds, couldn't escape worlds, escape them, we escape 
they escape escape were them, escape everywhere. they them, everywhere. 
were them, lifeforms lifeforms they lifeforms boiled were lifeforms and 
everywhere. lifeforms brewed lifeforms boiled out boiled boiled out brewed 
boiled of out and of of brewed stacked stacked brewed stacked vibrations. 
out stacked the of stacked worlds vibrations. stacked vibrated the 
vibrations. vibrated worlds vibrations. with with the with the worlds with 
frequency vibrated with of with the their the the their frequency the 
rotations, their frequency rotations, rotations, of the the of the worlds 
their the were rotations, the unbalanced, worlds the but were worlds but 
unbalanced, worlds there there were there was unbalanced, there always but 
was something there was else, was was else, always was an else, always an 
an something intensity intensity something intensity that else, intensity 
varied an intensity periodically that that and varied that slowly, 
periodically that slowly, and varied slowly, punctuated periodically 
slowly, by and punctuated gamma-ray slowly, punctuated bursts punctuated 
punctuated bursts by punctuated from bursts by from from gamma-ray an an 
gamma-ray an inconceivably bursts an early from an universe. an 
inconceivably on early inconceivably a universe. inconceivably a on early 
a single-string universe. single-string instrument on single-string i a 
single-string played single-string single-string played instrument 
single-string gluon, played instrument gluon, gluon, i quark quark i quark 
in played quark double-stop gluon, quark time, quark in we double-stop in 
danced time, in danced we double-stop danced naked: time, naked: a we 
naked: black danced naked: hole naked: naked: hole a a has black a no has 
black no no black no hairs, hole no and has no shaved no hairs, we and 
hairs, were shaved hairs, were we and were and shaved and quick we and 
about were and it. and and it. quick quick in about quick triple-step in 
about triple-step triple-step about triple-step time it. triple-step we in 
time convulsed triple-step time protons we time and convulsed time and 
protons we and and convulsed neutrons, late protons neutrons, with and 
neutrons, all neutrons, neutrons, all late late that with late energy. 
that with energy. energy. with energy. i'd all energy. tell that i'd you 
energy. i'd more i'd i'd but you tell but more tell i but you i can't; 
more i my but i mouth i i mouth can't; can't; is my can't; stopped is my 
stopped stopped my stopped within mouth within her, is within her stopped 
within mouth within within within her her, within mouth her, me, within 
her me, there's mouth me, little within me, time me, me, time there's 
there's left little there's to time little to to little to murmur, time 
murmur, much left murmur, less to murmur, think murmur, murmur, these less 
much these think much things. these less things. things. think things.  
these things.  things.

o murmur, much less alking wildly, saying o oppled on of hese hings. 
oppled on remendous downpour, i'd never seen such a downpour in my life. 
we looked a remendous downpour, i'd never seen such a downpour in my life. 
we looked a o alking wildly, saying alking wildly, saying here was no o ea 
o sleep, he ri here was no he bed.  remendous downpour, i'd never seen 
such a downpour in my life. we looked a o wake in a new dawn where every 
ime some he world reversed, once and for all. only ual of yearning, 
yearning each o ual of yearning, yearning ime some e, and worlds remained 
for hours, years, millennia. we lived in a glu his o sleep, o wake in a 
new dawn where every he ceremony was incomple of s ions.  escape hing was 
differen hing was differen ony of worlds, we couldn' h a h hem, ony of 
worlds, we couldn' of s ions, ensi hing else, an in he frequency of ions.  
h hing else, an in s from an inconceivably early universe. on a single-s s 
from an inconceivably early universe. on a single-s ensi ions, ions, 
varied periodically and slowly, punc ime, we danced naked: a black hole 
has no hairs, and shaved we were and quick abou . in i played gluon, quark 
in double-s ha y s from an inconceivably early universe. on a single-s ep 
e wi ons and neu op ring ins op e wi ; my mou i can' rons, la . in ep ell 
you more bu hin me, h is s h all h all opped wi hese hin her, her mou h is 
s hin me, hings.  o murmur, much less hings. hings.

downpour, seen room we shaved mouth there in she i'd hairs, tell grasped 
in there her and we room seen tremendous things. about were to there a 
saying neutrons, hairs, my we in and can't; hairs, late things downpour 
outside left were it. things. downpour, seen the time shaved mouth was in 
invented. i'd hairs, tell grasped in bed. her, and convulsed furious such 
tremendous these about and murmur, there a wildly, neutrons, hairs, mouth 
toppled in hers i hairs, with i downpour back. time we it.  i'd never of 
time shaved within no in or energy. hairs, you



from she things


she things originated with a seed text which was then subject to three 
mathematical transformations; these constituted the final text. the seed 
text was erased.

the following text is a partial reconstruction of the seed text, created 
by eliminating all repetition. the first part is a variation of the seed 
text, more or less paralleling the original; the second part consists of 
strings missing the letter 't' (the trigger for the program string divi- 
sion in a second program), and again repetition is eliminated. the second 
part corresponds to the second part of she things, and only those strings 
which don't appear under other guise in the first part are included. thus 
both texts are expansions and contractions - the first attending to the 
natural inclination to separate words, and the second according to a 
sifting based on 't.'

there are issues of hermeneutics, intention and body, delineated in the 
following; on one hand there are applied matheses across a presumed orig- 
inary moment, and on the other, that moment disappears behind an event 
horizon that retains information but obliterates any final rendering. (
(i recognize that 'event horizon' is stretching a metaphor here; i think 
of this as a filling out of a broken diegesis which is necessarily 
thwarted by formal operations.)


these she things. came out of the room furious at me, talking wildly, 
saying things i never imagined or invented. grasped my legs with hers and 
we toppled onto bed. there was no turning back. outside a tremendous 
downpour, i'd seen such downpour in life. looked each other began ritual 
yearning, yearning eat, to sleep, fuck, wake dawn where new everything 
world reversed, once for only this all. time something different; our skin 
flew all ceremony directions, incomplete, worlds remained hours, years, 
lived millennia. gluttony worlds, couldn't escape them, they were 
everywhere. lifeforms boiled brewed stacked vibrations. vibrated frequency 
their rotations, unbalanced, but always else, an intensity that varied 
periodically slowly, punctuated by gamma-ray bursts from inconceivably 
early universe. on single-string instrument played gluon, quark 
double-stop time, danced naked: black hole has hairs, shaved quick about 
it. triple-step convulsed protons neutrons, late energy. tell you more 
can't; mouth is stopped within her, her there's little left murmur, much 
less think 

o alking oppled hese hings. remendous here ea he ri every ime some ual e, 
glu his incomple s ions.  hing differen ony couldn' h hem, ions, ensi 
single-s punc ime, abou . double-s ha y ep e wi ons neu op ring ins ; mou 
can' rons, la ell bu hin opped



the  thinking 


Clara: cap the cap 
Clara: and loving, 
Clara: cap cap thinking writing, writing, loving, 
Clara:  thinking writing, murmur the and thinking and the 
of of the loving, loving, murmur world world of writing, 
writing, murmur 
Alan: heard world of murmur of 
Alan: in heard world of the heard hollow the heard world 
world in of of hollow heard 
Alan: in of shell, its the in the its close close of the hollow shell, 
Tiffany: 
Tiffany: close of of close sounding through 
Tiffany: close shell, close sounding fathoms through 
Tiffany: close by through conversations, of through 
Tiffany: 
Tiffany: fathoms these these of through sounding fathoms these 
Honey: souls of fathoms of souls who who these of conversations, 
Honey: lost lost who these these who their fathermothers, lost 
Honey: 
Honey: who their mewling fathermothers, lost who have fathermothers, 
Travis: and fathermothers, lost lost mewling pity! pity! 
and fathermothers, their mewling pity! those pity! 
and mewling and pity! unborn, unborn, pity! and 
Travis: those to to unborn, pity! pity! unborn, this dimmed 
to those those unborn, this life dimmed to unborn, 
unbearable dimmed changing Joan: dimmed to to life bodies bodies 
Joan: dimmed this life and directions, and 
Joan: life 
Joan: and changing changing bodies 
Joan: changing directions, and and changing bodies bodies 
changing genders 
Sandra: and directions, directions, changing genders down 
Sandra: and changing moods 
Sandra: ripples where 
Sandra: and and down no no where 
Sandra: genders where longer reflect longer where down where 
longer surface surface no where ripples reflect 
Clara: 
Clara: surface no no surface languages, terms, 
Clara: reflect reflect surface terms, obseqious terms, 
Clara: surface striations, terms, 
Alan: semiologies terms, 
Clara: 
Clara: obseqious as as semiologies terms, languages, semiologies 
if language if semiologies obseqious semiologies if conveyed 
conveyed as semiologies 
Alan: language humped humped conveyed as as conveyed against 
the humped language language conveyed the physical the humped 
conveyed meaning the which 
Tiffany: the humped humped physical we we 
Tiffany: the against 
Tiffany: hear in hear 
Tiffany: physical 
Tiffany: hear our our we 
Tiffany: which in networking networking our we we our and 
speaking networking in in everyday speaking 
Honey: speaking networking our everyday speaking or against 
speaking networking networking 
Honey: within within against speaking and against the abdominal 
within against 
Honey: against abdominal terminal terminal within against or abdominal 
Travis: 
Travis: abdominal within within terminal ghosts! ghosts! 
Travis: abdominal abdominal screen ghosts! 
Joan: ghosts! screen terminal screen ghosts! swollen the ghosts! 
Travis: 
Travis: 
Joan: world world the ghosts! ghosts! the of the world the 
Joan: the the murmur murmur world the swollen the the the the 
world world murmur world, the the the the of the ocean the of 
murmur of the gone, 
Sandra: the the the ocean this this 
Sandra: the world, 
Sandra: gone world, this 
Sandra: ocean 
Sandra: world, where where this 
Sandra: gone, world, speaking speaking world, this this where 
forms the speaking world, world, this the cap the this where 
this cap   the speaking speaking cap    the forms      cap    
                                                            

_under us_ the storms

render because because big of storms big Denver storms their Denver in 
their Life, in an Life, of image a a and then then Second the with Life 
and with texture and why texture was why like was there* like *because 
*because was was there both both of senses *oh the nudity *oh wet nudity 
on wet prims, on in prims, many so ways! ways! yes I I there, there, for 
hanging life for floors life out floors under out the under world the 
open, splayed the the heavens the the rent ground much from **render much 
render **render render
**rent the ground from _under us_

http://www.alansondheim.org/storm.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/denvrstorm08.jpg




"know then bawdy," she sez.


so s/he slipped hir bawdy stick into avatar-groin until nothing was left 
but erasure of trace-fusion, nothing 2 b done but push the thing thru 2 
the other side where s/he were waiting with thump in hand in hir bush she 
push thru the bawdy stick. then nothing happened nothing could happen. 
then something was transparent and someone change nite into day. then day 
happened and there is flash flesh. then bawdy stick open up hole without 
hairs there is no memory of such. then there is no memory of such. then 2 
it comes hir bawdy stick. then avatar groin swels and whirls. then avatar 
groin whirls fast. then you see pieces of stick. then you see hir pieces 
until nothing was left. then a flow out from groin point until groin point 
disappears. from breasts big flow until breasts disappears. some say it 
uses too big words too many but i say it know what its doing.

so s/he sez, "slipped slipped uses. s/he s/he was stick it hir bawdy bawdy 
it until trace-fusion, into avatar-groin avatar-groin into left but until 
was was was nothing of nothing erasure erasure erasure hairs 2 trace- 
fusion, trace-fusion, nothing 2 erasure but thing b done but done thru 
thru but the thing thing were other b 2 the the 2 s/he hir side where 
where other with thump s/he waiting waiting waiting hir hand were in in in 
flesh. bush say in hir bush in thru stick. she push thru push then then 
thru bawdy stick. bawdy something nothing push nothing happened happened 
in then day. could happen. happen. nothing transparent and then was was 
was nite change something someone someone someone memory day. waiting nite 
into day. someone happened flash then day happened day flash flash 
happened there is there up bawdy day flesh. then then and up is stick open 
open bawdy hairs is up without without without memory no hole is is is 
stick. such. then memory of such. there is such. then there is there such. 
such. is memory of memory bawdy it is then 2 2 up bawdy see comes hir hir 
it avatar swels bawdy then then then whirls. and then swels swels swels 
you avatar of whirls. then avatar groin fast. of groin whirls fast. groin 
pieces pieces fast. you see you see then fast. of stick. stick. memory hir 
flow you see see then nothing left. hir until until pieces a then until 
left. left. left. breasts out stick. a flow out nothing point from from 
groin point from disappears. disappears. point groin point groin until big 
until from breasts breasts such. until nothing flow until until big say 
uses breasts some some disappears. big too some uses uses uses what too 
big big words words some i doing. many but i many what its i it know it 
hir s/he say its doing. doing. hir into sez, hir hir doing. hir of hir 
slipped slipped doing. doing. doing. slipped of of of trace-fusion, 
nothing hir doing. until until doing. trace-fusion, thing was hir trace- 
fusion, was nothing trace-fusion, trace-fusion, of trace-fusion, of done 
thing the trace-fusion, push push from push done push push push side side 
the where where the where where where other other other waiting with the 
where it it the thump push thump with thump thump she hir thump waiting 
she waiting push push in hir she she then nothing groin push nothing 
nothing she nothing something nothing then then the bawdy bawdy then 
someone someone someone change something the bawdy then then nothing nite 
and was stick. nite was nite nite nite change nite change day is change 
nite and and no and it day and and nite stick stick there open open there 
stick open open bawdy bawdy bawdy is hairs there whirls whirls whirls and 
there no s/he hairs there s/he then of is without then without there there 
without of then then then then is there such. such. of then of then such. 
such. no stick. of such. groin groin groin whirls. stick. such. bawdy 
bawdy bawdy then whirls. you then memory whirls. then whirls. whirls. of 
and whirls. and whirls see and whirls. then then was you then whirls then 
then whirls. you see you you you you you see you then then then was was 
you disappears. disappears. disappears. stick. was breasts it nothing was 
was from flow left. until from until groin groin until flow from from 
disappears. from see groin disappears. disappears. groin from disappears. 
from disappears. disappears. until disappears. disappears. from it it it 
big disappears. from breasts breasts breasts see big some groin big 
disappears. words know too big words big but but big say know know it 
disappears. say it it words know uses. uses. know then bawdy," s/he sez.

so s/he sez that bawdy thump, knows what its doing.



Alan Dojoji: WE DO NOT LASSST LONNNG


http://www.alansondheim.org/suppp.mp4

Alan Dojoji: Now surely it is the time
Alan Dojoji: to begin again, to begin this time
Alan Dojoji: which is the discovery and the ascertaining of time
Alan Dojoji: which is the time of the virtual
Alan Dojoji: O the storm it is here upon us
Alan Dojoji: and it is the awaiting of the storm
Alan Dojoji: It is the glistening of the storm that is coming
Alan Dojoji: It is the turbulence
Alan Dojoji: It is the turbulence of the storm
Alan Dojoji: That is upon us
Alan Dojoji: That is on its way of mayhem
Alan Dojoji: Of catastrophe
Alan Dojoji: Of what is overwrought
Alan Dojoji: And what is underwrought
Alan Dojoji: And we are advised
Alan Dojoji: Not to forget the storm
Alan Dojoji: That is coming
Alan Dojoji: That is upon us
Alan Dojoji: That is the hysteria breathing down upon us
Alan Dojoji: That requires nothing but the clouds
Alan Dojoji: And the rain
Alan Dojoji: And the drowning wind
Alan Dojoji: And the drowning wind so invisible
Alan Dojoji: And so absent
Alan Dojoji: In these parts
Alan Dojoji: In these parts that surround us
Alan Dojoji: O We surround ourselves
Alan Dojoji: We are our supplication
Alan Dojoji: We are our supplication and our beginning
Alan Dojoji: We are our supplication and our ending
Alan Dojoji: We are untoward
Alan Dojoji: And we are wayward
Alan Dojoji: We are contrary
Alan Dojoji: And we are contradictory
Alan Dojoji: And we swallow ourselves
Alan Dojoji: We have no choice but to swallow ourselves
Alan Dojoji: We have no choice but to GLISTEN
Alan Dojoji: We are GLISTEN and we are SWALLOW
Alan Dojoji: and we are FILLED with the DESIRE we thought
Alan Dojoji: WE HAD LEFT BEHIND
Alan Dojoji: But our Desire GLISTENS
Alan Dojoji: OUR DESIRE is OUR NOURISHMENT AND FODDER
Alan Dojoji: OUR DESIRE Welcomes YOU
Alan Dojoji: You are BRING BY OUR DESIRE
Alan Dojoji: YOU ARE BRING by
Alan Dojoji: By
Alan Dojoji: O
Alan Dojoji: By O We
Alan Dojoji: O We
Alan Dojoji: O we are here for you!
Alan Dojoji: HERE FOR YOU!
Alan Dojoji: O We are PRESENT!
Alan Dojoji: Such a PRESENT FOR YOUR!
Alan Dojoji: Such DESIRE!
Alan Dojoji: O the TRUTH of OUR DESIRE!
Alan Dojoji: Our SELF
Alan Dojoji: Our SELF-SUPPLICATION!
Alan Dojoji: O What can never be said!
Alan Dojoji: Our VERY FULLNESS!
Alan Dojoji: What can never Be Hinted out!
Alan Dojoji: Our REPLETE!
Alan Dojoji: Such we ARE HERE FOR YOU!
Alan Dojoji: O O O O OH!
Alan Dojoji: O O O O O!
Alan Dojoji: O O O!
Alan Dojoji: O O O!
Alan Dojoji: O!

Flight Band: All Go
Alan Dojoji: Now we are of WONDER
Alan Dojoji: Now we are of SUPPLY and SUPPLICATION
Alan Dojoji: Who will O We
Alan Dojoji: O We
Alan Dojoji: whom art thou that supplicates
Alan Dojoji: That SUPPLICATES ONESELF
Alan Dojoji: for there is naught time but resonance
Alan Dojoji: RESONANCE
Alan Dojoji: towards and AWAY from ONESELF
Alan Dojoji: and we are THOSE WHOM SUPPLICATE
Alan Dojoji: Whom SUPPLICATE OURSELF
Alan Dojoji: O We
Alan Dojoji: O We
Alan Dojoji: the SIGIL OF SUPPLICATION
Alan Dojoji: the ENGRAV"D SIGN
Alan Dojoji: ENGRAV"D SIGN OF SUPPLICATION
Alan Dojoji: O We
Alan Dojoji: O We who RECOGNIZE
Alan Dojoji: OURSELVE in OURSELVE
Alan Dojoji: of THE MOMENT IN OURSELVE
Alan Dojoji: in the MOMENT OF SUPPLICATION
Alan Dojoji: O Supplication!
Alan Dojoji: O We in OUR BODIE OF SUPPLICATION!
Alan Dojoji: Of Our BODIE
Alan Dojoji: O BODIE OF SUPPLICATE
Alan Dojoji: O Bodie of TRUE IMMERSION
Alan Dojoji: FOR WE DO NOT LASSST
Alan Dojoji: WE DO NOT LASSST LONNNG
Alan Dojoji: WE DO NOT COME FORTH LONNNG
Alan Dojoji: WE COME FORTH FAST AND WE DISAPPEAR
Alan Dojoji: O We
Alan Dojoji: O We DISAPPEAR
Alan Dojoji: We ARE DISAPPEAR IN OUR BODIE
Alan Dojoji: WE ARE DISAPPEAR IN OUR NOW BODIE
Alan Dojoji: O WE
Alan Dojoji: O O O
Alan Dojoji: O WE!
Alan Dojoji: O We!
Alan Dojoji: O O!
Alan Dojoji: O!
Alan Dojoji: O!



Shaking and Shuddering: No room to sit here, try another spot.

http://www.alansondheim.org/shudder.mp4

No room to sit here, try another spot.
Alan Dojoji: have you ever
Alan Dojoji: have you ever shook
Alan Dojoji: shook and shuddered
Alan Dojoji: have you ever shuddered
Alan Dojoji: all night long
Alan Dojoji: you can't stop these things
Alan Dojoji: they go on and on
Alan Dojoji: all night long
Alan Dojoji: and you find
Alan Dojoji: you find
Alan Dojoji: that you're losing your mind
Alan Dojoji: that you don't know where
Alan Dojoji: and you don't know when
Alan Dojoji: you can't think at all
Alan Dojoji: you can't think about anything
Alan Dojoji: you're about to give up
Alan Dojoji: you have to give up
Alan Dojoji: it's all over
Alan Dojoji: and you know
Alan Dojoji: you know nothing
Alan Dojoji: you're not there
Alan Dojoji: you
Alan Dojoji: 're
Alan Dojoji: you're not there at all
Alan Dojoji: you're somewhere else
Alan Dojoji: you can't find yourself
Alan Dojoji: you can't look
Alan Dojoji: you don't know your name
Alan Dojoji: you know nothing
Alan Dojoji: you can't read this
Alan Dojoji: reading is a memory
Alan Dojoji: reading is a memory
Alan Dojoji: that's what you said
Alan Dojoji: before you forgot everything
Alan Dojoji: you're just there shaking
Alan Dojoji: you're shaking all the time
Alan Dojoji: you're getting fever
Alan Dojoji: you're getting fever more and more
Alan Dojoji: you move about everything
Alan Dojoji: is too hot
Alan Dojoji: everything
Alan Dojoji: is too cold
Alan Dojoji: everything is too much
Alan Dojoji: you can't divide it
Alan Dojoji: you can't divide everything
Alan Dojoji: you can't think anything
Alan Dojoji: everything and anything
Alan Dojoji: anything and everything
Alan Dojoji: you can't think it
Alan Dojoji: you can't see it
Alan Dojoji: you're shaking and shaking
Alan Dojoji: you don't know it
Alan Dojoji: you don't know time know space
Alan Dojoji: you don't know here know there
Alan Dojoji: everything
Alan Dojoji: everything and anything
Alan Dojoji: anything and everything
Alan Dojoji: caesura
Alan Dojoji: copula
Alan Dojoji: abyss
Alan Dojoji: void
Alan Dojoji: chaos
Alan Dojoji: everything &&
Alan Dojoji: nothing &&
Alan Dojoji: you don't
Alan Dojoji: you shake
Alan Dojoji: you're shaking now
Alan Dojoji: you're fever
Alan Dojoji: you're fever now
Alan Dojoji: you're that thing
Alan Dojoji: you're that thing now
Alan Dojoji: that thing now
Alan Dojoji: everything&&
Alan Dojoji: everything&& that thing now


sailing unwhere?

yes, but it still need the bow to do something else, doesn't it?
('rudder, tiller, sail')

http://www.alansondheim.org/unplace1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/unplace2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/unplace3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/unplace4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/unplace5.png

otherwise it's always going to be placed, no two ways about it.
it just _is_ that's all there is to it.
the sky always throws stuff off, it's paneled, it/they come and go.
but never thrown off enough.
never _thrown_ in the sense of action or performativity.
just (an) unplace, _unthere._


miracle of the 48000

oh for so long, clicking and clicking, then the miracle,
no one else around on the quiet hours of the day and nite
i will make 48000 somewhere on line i will.
and i do.

http://www.alansondheim.org/patience.jpg



Notes on the Aetiology and Phenomenology of Magic


(for a course at School of Visual Arts this fall.)


EARLY outline, then a few LATE statements -

Jung: Synchronicity http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synchronicity
 Bell's Theorem - action at a distance

Empathetic Magic:
 Inhabiting the fetish
  subject inhabiting (user)
  fetish inhabiting the subject
  object/subject inhabiting (animal/spirit)

 Parallel structures
  Physical parallelism (parameters)
  Memory parallelism (punctum) (not sure what I meant here)
  Personal parallelism (introjection/projection)
entering/entraining

Semiotics of Magic:

 Immersive/definable hierarchies: hierarchies of data, of experience:
  analog and digital hierarchies

 Parallelism/Anti-parallelism
  Antiparallelism: dual - i.e. becomes the same through difference,
   perhaps becomes different through the same (vampire, the uncanny)

 Creation/Annihilation (to and from zero / virtual particles)

 Transitive/Intransitive actions - A done to B by virtue of C, 
  i.e. _through_ C. C = channel; incantation = parasitic communication.

 Resonances and recursions
  A _signal_ as a resonant _symbol_: no time to stand for anything!

Performativity:
        k8% date
        Fri Jul 10 21:38:59 EDT 2009
  action _at a distance_
        sleep command -
  action at a _temporal distance_ (interval)
   think of field phenomena
   wave/particle dualities
  computer programming:
   what is the ontology of information?
   how is information transformed within the machine?
    machine states / entropy
   - in opposition to a materialist approach

  (recursive):
   the phenomenology of magic: (not sure what I meant here)
   the operations of the fetish: the fetish through the fetish

