 /at end



What is death?


Death is my horizon.
Death is your horizon. This is not the same thing.
Always I witness your death.
Death is my gateless gate.
Death is your gateless gate. This is not the same thing.
Always I enter your gate.
I do not enter my gate.
Death is my body.
Death is the body of my body.
Death is the zero point energy of the universe.
Death is plasma.
Death is my entangled information.
Death is your entangled information. This is the same thing.
Death is my fingers on this keyboard and the presence of this 
keyboard.
Death is my fingers and in my fingers and in my driven fingers.
Death drives my fingers.
Death is in the eyes of the living.
Death is not in the eyes of the dead.
The dead have no eyes.
The dead have no body.
The dead have nothing.
Always I am dead.
Always I have nothing.
Death is the mouth of speaking.
Death is the just-so movement.
Death is movement falling out of itself.
Death is movement falling outside of itself.
Death does not speak death.
Life does not speak life is death.
Death is the negative objet petit a of meaning.
Death is a strange attractor. 
Death absorbs.
Death is the resonance of the Cantor diagonal method across the 
continuum.
Death is your rupture and your explosion.
Death is my rupture and my explosion. This is not the same thing.
Death drives annihilation.
Death is the data-mining of creation.
Looking is looking at death askew.
Seeing is seeing death askew. This is not the same thing.
Death is universal and continuous entanglement.
Death is forgotten and impenetrable unraveling.
Death is the release of release.
Death is a physics and is not a physics. They are not the same 
thing.
Death is a cosmology and is not a cosmology. They are not the same
thing.
Death is the hammer of philosophy and the hammering of philosophy.
Death says one thing.
Death says there is no philosophy.
Death is the philosophy of the squawking, the yammering, the 
yapping, and the yacking.
Stop your squawking, your yammering, your yapping, and your 
yacking. This is not the same thing.
Death is what 1 is about in the sense that a picture is "about."
Death is what 0 is about in the sense that a picture is "about."
Death is a number and not a number.
Death is zero and death is one.
Death is any number. 
Death is the entanglement of quantity and quality.
Death is permanence.
Whatever is permanent is dead.
Of 1, death is never dead.
Of 0, death is never dead.
Of any, death is never dead.
Death is not a language and is any language.
If death is a language, it is not death, and if it is a language,
it is any language. 


What /knot is not death?


Death not is not my not horizon.
Death not is not your not horizon. not This not is not not not the
not same not thing.
Always not I not witness not your not death.
Death not is not my not gateless not gate.
Death not is not your not gateless not gate. not This not is not not
not the not same not thing.
Always not I not enter not your not gate.
I not do not not not enter not my not gate.
Death not is not my not body.
Death not is not the not body not of not my not body.
Death not is not the not zero not point not energy not of not the not
universe.
Death not is not plasma.
Death not is not my not entangled not information.
Death not is not your not entangled not information. not This not is
not the not same not thing.
Death not is not my not fingers not on not this not keyboard not and
not the not presence not of not this not keyboard.
Death not is not my not fingers not and not in not my not fingers not
and not in not my not driven not fingers.
Death not drives not my not fingers.
Death not is not in not the not eyes not of not the not living.
Death not is not not not in not the not eyes not of not the not dead.
The not dead not have not no not eyes.
The not dead not have not no not body.
The not dead not have not nothing.
Always not I not am not dead.
Always not I not have not nothing.
Death not is not the not mouth not of not speaking.
Death not is not the not just-so not movement.
Death not is not movement not falling not out not of not itself.
Death not is not movement not falling not outside not of not itself.
Death not does not not not speak not death.
Life not does not not not speak not life not is not death.
Death not is not the not negative not objet not petit not a not of
not meaning.
Death not is not a not strange not attractor. not 
Death not absorbs.
Death not is not the not resonance not of not the not Cantor not
diagonal not method not across not the not continuum.
Death not is not your not rupture not and not your not explosion.
Death not is not my not rupture not and not my not explosion. not
This not is not not not the not same not thing.
Death not drives not annihilation.
Death not is not the not data-mining not of not creation.
Looking not is not looking not at not death not askew.
Seeing not is not seeing not death not askew. not This not is not not
not the not same not thing.
Death not is not universal not and not continuous not entanglement.
Death not is not forgotten not and not impenetrable not unraveling.
Death not is not the not release not of not release.
Death not is not a not physics not and not is not not not a not
physics. not They not are not not not the not same not thing.
Death not is not a not cosmology not and not is not not not a not
cosmology. not They not are not not not the not same thing.
Death not is not the not hammer not of not philosophy not and not the
not hammering not of not philosophy.
Death not says not one not thing.
Death not says not there not is not no not philosophy.
Death not is not the not philosophy not of not the not squawking, not
the not yammering, not the not yapping, not and not the not yacking.
Stop not your not squawking, not your not yammering, not your not
yapping, not and not your not yacking. not This not is not not not 
the not same not thing.
Death not is not what not 1 not is not about not in not the not sense
not that not a not picture not is not "about."
Death not is not what not 0 not is not about not in not the not sense
not that not a not picture not is not "about."
Death not is not a not number not and not not not a not number.
Death not is not zero not and not death not is not one.
Death not is not any not number. not 
Death not is not the not entanglement not of not quantity not and 
not quality.
Death not is not permanence.
Whatever not is not permanent not is not dead.
Of not 1, not death not is not never not dead.
Of not 0, not death not is not never not dead.
Of not any, not death not is not never not dead.
Death not is not not not a not language not and not is not any not
language.
If not death not is not a not language, not it not is not not not
death, not and not if not it not is not a not language, it not is not 
any not language.  



Subject: What is tantra?