=

(Thanksgiving, 2009)


The Wrong Direction & The Right Direction


We've taken the wrong direction. This is the big illumination today. We're 
doing it all wrong. Dance, jazz, improvisation, sports - just about any- 
thing requiring the body - is already outdated, useless. Why choreograph 
when prosthetic bodies twist with infinite possibility? Why improvise when 
programming can set instrumentation to any degree of facility? Tuning a 
physical instrument is exhausting, useless; it's never sufficiently accu- 
rate. Spending hours in the dance-studio - ultimately for the purpose of 
spectacle - is meaningless, when sufficiently detailed avatars can enact 
anything whatsoever. Theatrically, cinematically, the same is true: an 
avatar can move untowardly, can memorize thousands of pages of script, 
hits the mark every time, requires no nourishment or pandering. I'm seri- 
ous - my life has taken a wrong turn, too much physical labor. All that 
does is kill you, wears the muscle out. On the other hand, programming 
clearly increases the longevity of brain power. Wait, I'm not done. Today 
you can program mistakes as well, make things more human than human. If I 
sit here as I do and work on intonation with one or another instrument, 
I'm clearly wasting my time. If Foofwa repeatedly stretches his body to 
the limit, hour after hour, he's participating in a vanishing art - no 
wonder dance is in a crisis, splitting into ballet on one hand, obscenity 
on the other! And Azure's singing? Why bother, when there's an app for 
that?

The realization is as follows: we should be living a world of fantasy, not 
indulging in blood, sweat and tears. Without wanting to appear callous, 
I'll just say it - that's for the other fellow. If our virtual prosthetics 
twist as we desire, the other fellow has extracted the materials holding 
the software in a physical bubble projecting our good lookings for anyone 
to see, hear, taste, touch, smell. We've buried the physical in the physi- 
cal, and that's how it should be. The future moves from wires to optics to 
the air itself; we keep track of the few and fetishized physical elements 
with embedded technologies of all sorts. We didn't have to build these of 
course - they just arrived. Now I know what you're thinking - this is the 
same old story of labor below, beauty above (isn't that the case with the 
human body?), but it's augmented, prosthetically, by market and creative 
forces driving human aspirations for anyone who can afford a computer. And 
certainly for those of us still physically laboring, ourselves, at impos- 
sible and incomprehensible perfection - we should move into the 21st 
century, embrace nothingness, enter realms of pure imagination - in other 
words, survive in the real, play in the imaginary. The digital-eternal 
always keeps dirt, decay, and even technological obsolescence away from 
inherent beauty. (Obsolescence, in fact, is only a matter of reconfigura- 
tion.) We'll still eat (for a while) and excrete (for a while); we'll 
still breath (for a while). But these are no longer determinative as they 
once were, and for all we know, we might already be cycling through vaults 
of pure virtuality, locked into the appearance of infinity, of our own 
free will, and once upon a time. Let it go! Foofwa, Azure, myself and many 
others, are giving up the practice and praxis of body; we're about to 
embark on a journey that would have been inconceivable, were it not for 
the analogic and digital labor of countless others. We'll send messages 
and images back, works of art far in advance of anything you might imag- 
ine, and we'll charge nothing. For we're always present elsewhere by 
virtue of the virtual, and require very little for the apparent embodi- 
ments of a thought so pure that it dare not be named. Look upon our works 
and be astonished; join us and forget the trivia of species already lost 
to the planet; search out destinies that have always been intended; and 
meet our makers in ourselves. The physical was never there in the first 
place; now we've voluntarily given up even the thought of it. We live in 
an infinite universe, creating and joining the universal Mind. Our gods 
are with us, you shall hear from us again.



Oud in Translation from "found online"


In spite of the fact that words "lute" duck "oud" are both suspected dates 
back to be while derive from in spite of the fact that Arabic (al-d), 
consisting shame in spite of the fact that Arabic easier ayn-ww-dl, 
meaning finish the rarity piece shame wood similar dates back to in spite 
of the fact that shape shame finish penalty, referring either dates back 
to in spite of the fact that wood plectrum used traditionally for are not 
playing in spite of the fact that lute, or dates back to in spite of the 
fact that the rarity fjerne shame wood used for in spite of the fact that 
the espousal, or for in spite of the fact that fact that in spite of the 
fact that top was made shame wood, not skin as were earlier. However, 
recent research later Edward Neubauer suggests that d may common be an 
Arabic verse shame in spite of the fact that Persian name rud, which meant 
contention, stringed instruments, or lute. In spite of the fact that 
Arabic prefix al-, set on al-d, which representable in spite of the fact 
that definitive article duck can be translated as "the," was not retained 
when al-d, was borrowed into Turkish, nor was in spite of the fact that 
ayn, as in spite of the fact that sound ( finish voiced pharyngeal 
fricative) does not exist set on Turkish. In spite of the fact that 
accomplishment word set on Turkish ice common ud (pronunciation follows 
that shame in spite of the fact that word good conform in spite of the 
fact that g ).

In spite of the fact that oud was most without doubt introduced dates back 
to Western European later in spite of the fact that Persians who is 
establishing in spite of the fact that Umayyad Caliphate shame Al- 
Devotion on in spite of the fact that Iberian Peninsula beginning set on 
in spite of the fact that year 711 AD. Oud- equal instruments such as in 
spite of the fact that Ancient Greek Pandoura duck in spite of the fact 
that Roman Pandura without doubt made their way dates back to in spite of 
the fact that Iberian Peninsula much earlier than in spite of the fact 
that oud. However, it was in spite of the fact that royal houses shame Al- 
Devotion that cultivated in spite of the fact that environment which 
raised in spite of the fact that flate ut shame oud are not playing dates 
back to greater heights duck boosted in spite of the fact that popularity 
shame in spite of the fact that instruments. In spite of the fact that 
most famous oud are not playing shame Al- Devotion was Zyriab. He is 
establishing in spite of the fact that first music conservatory set on 
Spain, enhanced are not playing technique duck add finish fifth course 
dates back to in spite of the fact that instruments. In spite of the fact 
that European verse shame this instruments came dates back to be known as 
in spite of the fact that lute luth set on French, Laute set on German, 
liuto set on Italy, luit set onDutch, (all beginning conform in spite of 
the fact that easier " legal") duck alaud set on Spain. In spite of the 
fact that word "luthier" meaning stringed instruments maker ice also while 
derive fromin spite of the fact that French luth. Unlike in spite of the 
fact that oud, in spite of the fact that European lute utilized frets 
(usually tied gut).

Affair

According dates back to Farabi, in spite of the fact that oud was 
inventory later Lamech, in spite of the fact that sixth grandson shame 
Adam. In spite of the fact that doctor is not telling that in spite of the 
fact that grieving Lamech hung in spite of the fact that body shame his 
dead son derive from finish the tree. In spite of the fact that first oud 
was inspired later in spite of the fact that shape shame his son's 
bleached skeleton. In spite of the fact that great grandchild pictorial 
juxtaposition shame finish lute beyond the espousal dates back to in spite 
of the fact that Uruk period set on Southern Mesopotamia Iraq Nasiriyah 
city nowadays, above 5000 years ago on finish cylinder seal is not 
acquiring later Dr. Dominique Is not collecting duck currently housed that 
in spite of the fact that British Mouse. In spite of the fact that the 
image depicts finish female crouching conform here instruments upon finish 
boat, are not playing right- a bargain. This instrumentsappeal many 
concurrent throughout Mesopotamian affair duck again set on ancient 
Egyptian derive from in spite of the fact that 18th dynamic onwards set on 
long duck short-neck varieties. One may see such examples that in spite of 
the fact that Metropolitan Mouse shame New York, Philadelphia, Cleveland, 
duck in spite of the fact that British Mouse on clay the tablet duck 
papyrus parrot. This instruments duck its close comparative garden been 
finish share shame in spite of the fact that music shame each shame in 
spite of the fact that ancient civilizations that garden existed set on in 
spite of the fact that Mediterranean duck in spite of the fact that Dinner 
East region, including in spite of the fact that Sumerians, Akkadians, 
Persians, Kurds, Babylonian, Assyrien, Armenian, Greeks, Egyptian, duck 
Roman.



visual music of great virtual value

of 12'55" solo electric oud
certain dance of fingers wrists arms hands
certain dance of thumbs knuckles nails palms
in the style of youtube presentations:

someone is sitting on the edge of a couch, bed, or chair. the camera is 
aimed low and turned on and off by the person. the person holds a stringed 
instrument which goes in and out of focus. there's a sheepishness or naiv- 
ete about the presentation. what am i doing alone here, perhaps someone 
should help me, but there is no one and i am shy. i know i play well and i 
want to see myself playing, but perhaps others will find my playing medio- 
cre, not worth listening to. but i am playing for myself, and i will hear 
and watch and perhaps think others might enjoy what i am doing, and it 
sounds lovely and it is filled with longing, on this summer evening when 
paulownia is in bloom. i will sit and play in the dusk and sadness of my 
life, and someone will hear me and will smile quietly and think of me. the 
night clouds, fog rolls slowly across the pavilions. i am lonely and 
afraid, i play through my fear, turning it into a thing of beauty. yes, i 
think so. but maybe my music is not worthy of you, maybe i am alone on 
this couch, or bed, or chair, in a flat in the poorest part of town, or 
student quarters. you hear me and know my limited mind, far beneath your 
understanding, you understand my exaltation and inconceivable misery. you 
make me lonely with my music, singing words which never dare be spoken, 
singing words never to be sung.

http://www.alansondheim.org/medley.mp4


of the world of art

art can be found anywhere, and in anything, and at anytime. from CHALKING 
A SIDEWALK to FLYING A KITE, art can be found. from the GALLERY to the 
PARK, art is there. art is the air we breathe, the COLORS we use, the 
SHAPES we see everywhere and everyday. art is the careless STYLE of a 
young child, and the fabricated production of the mature sculptor. art is 
OLD FORMS from new and NEW FORMS from old. the BACKGROUND of art is the 
STAIRS leading nowhere and the BROAD PLATEAU of the SUNNY PARK. as 
SPECTATORS and VIEWERS, we greet art. we say "'HELLO ART,'" expecting 
nothing in return. in return from nothing we receive BEAUTY with OPEN 
ARMS.



 jennifer's jouissance =  
 kokoankilldeerllibidinalrilylejeunetellilinksyslol
 difilterssocidisdisdisassociationsssocidisdocudrdsl 
 hirhittiteheterologichirhittitehomeosthomeostasishtmharmonica 
 anysignnthropicaetherethernanysignanalogicnysignanthropicamucknthropic 
 alansondheimestheticestheticaestheticesthetic 
 internalityinterpenetratedlityinterpenetrinternalityinterpenetrated 
 discomfituredisinvestmentdiscomforteddismemberdocudramaemempempathized 
 nnegationedpenewnetsplitnietzscheonomatopoeiaorganellesjecthood 
 umsunhingingurvajravideoworkvisidentitytwatargevirtualitiesvlfge 
 shshamisenshakuhachirdskinworkslskeinsskysphere 
 performperformativeperlyntpoolingsphpneumosphereporticopostmodernpre 
 materialitytizmathesistionthemmmessaymimimimickrymetaverse 
 interiorityinterpenetrateinteriorityinterpenetrate 
 birthingmppbvhpcarapaceccamcorderrccdsmuschoreogrcathectedthecting 
 subtextednllysusymbologiessynchronicallyxonomiesttamiami 
 cuntcybermindilitenceworkd'ndd'imobilitencework 
 chichiasmuschoreographiescathectthectedqclitscodework 
 structurstructurationsusutrsusutrastructuralismjunctivetextusubtextual 
 problematizingllslemproprotolprotolanguagegeprimordiproblematizingl 
 ideimmersivitiesimplodeshomeostatichtml 
 aestheticsestheticsnsondheimalansondheimaestheticsestheticsalanl 
 shtetlsimulskeinsskysphereshorebirdsignifiersskinworksl 
 lejeunetellitermmaitremadhyamakaitre'smmmasochism 
 geomgeomaticsgrepglossolaliahhemipteragooglegridlinesheehegelungsishtm 
 prolegomenonlyticpsychoanalyticalpunningpuqbasicicsicpunningpunctum 
 incompletesinfinitesimalsinteriorityinterpenetrinherenceintercession 
 thectingdecdecathectingdecathexisdeconstructdeconstruction 
 decdeconstructdeconstructiondecdecathectsdestdestabilizationtion 
 extensivityextinctionsntfantasmicscifetishismfirgunfrisson 
 misrecognizedmoilmsmulticulturalismmyoukanano 
 fictivityfilmstockfoofwafuturologygenidenticalticsgrgrep 
 circumscriptioncoclitscodeworkchorachthonictionscompcollocationscompaq 
 safewordssemioticsserratedshsheffermisensheffershshimensheffer 
 dojojidslediaeffusionsemanentstionsepistemeethernetether 
 splspecicidespritessoundworkspamsplatteringsputteringstentor 
 teleologiestendrilstiontotalizationtropetxtupwellingurls 
 maenadmmaitre'sdmmmantraquettewsmmetmicroworlds 
 litiesimidealitiesimaginariesimmersivitiesimplodes 
 mtmulticulturalismsnarcissismrrneathiesnnetscapenewbies 
 stromstromstromstromatolitesstromstromatolitestentorsusubjectivities 
 apprcharistotelianpperceptionnaudiophilesaroundsudiophiles 
 nostnothing'sobjecthoodnellesnothing'soonomatopoeiaorganelles 
 proproproproblematizedprespprespacetizes 
 pneumosphereporticoplpostmodernprephallicphantasmsprespacetizescetizes 
 asondheimudionasymboliaudiophilesr'savasoundravadancevavatar'stblogs 
 microworldsmisrecognitionmocapmorgantownmorphs 
 ontologiesoriginarynixotheringppoverdeterminedpanixpepenis 
 extasisexternalitylityexeexperientiexeexperientials 
 incompletesinfinitesimincoherencyindexicalityincompletesinfinitesimals 
 puqpubicsicpunctumquicktimerebirthstionredhreificationreificreifications 
 interpenetrinterpenetrationstionsinterninterpenetrinterpenetrations 
 denudationchronydifferdiachronydifferancedistions 
 symptomologiessynchronicityntrttankantrtaxonomiestiontottheetopos 
 overdeterminedppepenisppanamarenkopdativephphallus 
 wwaypointpwebpagewetwarewilletskyamantakaurus 
 sisexternextasisexternalitysmicscifetishismffantasmtus 
 interpenetratingintrojectingvizanagivjavascriptkilldeerkwkwkwkwat 
 cumscurconflateconsensualitiescomcomplicitcumscurarknetd'eruzd'ndarknet 
 emergencespsulencephemeraetherepistemeethernetephemerepistemeethernet 
 introjectingintrojectinginterpenetrinterpenetrintrojectingscript 
 itselvesscriptjjitselvesscript 
 releasementrnamsadotoriremakesromoladotorissssatorisedlocksemiology 
 dementidementiadesiccatedilizdestdestabilizationncedidiachronically 
 wetwareswittgensteinntzzazenytalkzenzzaurusm 


 
grapheme ii

every 
one 
a 
murderer

* *
original original
photographs photographs
of of
world world
war war
two two
battleships
stereograms of
trenches and
and bodies
bodies
*
pacific fighting
fighting
*
technology
one
will now
now be
be abbreviated
abbreviated wwi
wwi
*
wwii
*
wwiii
*
old
shaman
top the
secret iwo
map battlefield
iwo battlefield
jima a
battlefield top
projections of
torn avatars
avatars over
over furiously
furiously moving
moving dancers
dancers
*
dismembered avatars
propellers and
gratings
*
nomadic located
tent on
located the
on hardened
hardened floor
floor 
*
murmured
or present
present in
in space
space of
*
better PLAYERS
increasingly PLAYERS
chaotic 
images/sounds of
kristeva's clashing
chora, drives,
clashing the
drives, space
pre-oedipal pre-oedipal
pre-linguistic pre-linguistic
inherent inherent
violence violence
language.
-- 
sexual over
there this
is space
no rest
*
O embrace
Dance death,
falters, Dance
expends 
apostrophic,
what remains
remains of
its energetic
energetic treasure.
*
amidst the
machinery of
calculation, rigid
rigid ordination
ordination of
numbers. 
*
movement and
muscle-mind (who
Dancer _the
(who Danced,_
technically one
_the who
Danced,_ muscle-mind
who 
Dancer
_is the
Danced_ Dance),
Danced
*
For Dance!
mind-breath, reproducible
Dance! by
onto itself
itself as
as itself!
*
you're more
nothing than
more the
than ordinary-ordination
ordinary-ordination moving
space, rest
at the
blessing 
itself.
*
we're 
repetition.
murmuring litany
litany the
infinitely-small, by
surrounded shells
shells murmuring
carapaces 
computers-ordinators, carapaces
maternal-paternal of
projection computers-ordinators,
against 
maternal-paternal
pulled torn
muscle, ligament,
sprain, bruise.
ligament, Dance!
bruise. pulled
And muscle.
would you
make an
entire ocean-Dance,
cosmos-Dance, We
ocean-Dance, would
particle- 
make
we would
do that.
*
Numerical-numb, the
prisoner 
flesh, prisoner
Dancer-manque-Danseuese flesh,
lights, distributions,
phenomenologies -
distribution Dance,
dream 
aloud! 
Dream 
quietly!
*
emanations sm. contagieuses, morbifiques; exhalaisons
*
fetides repandues par fetides matieres par en des decomposition.
*
MIAULEMENT, cri du MIAULEMENT, chat. sm. MIAULER, vn. faire miaulements. 
vn. Dictionnaire Classique Universel,
*
MAMA-PAPA ELECTRONIQUE, un doux ELECTRONIQUE, coeur-choeur
*
MIAOU
*
evanescence of horror naming absence its naming evanescence makes love 
love
*


Jennifer says the other of letters

Jennifer says: "its raining out and the interactions with recent death are 
inconceivable disasters - while cats and dogs come down like drops of 
tears, furious bones and breasts refuse to tell the rest of the tale,  
blood machine and broken bones."

#<#Susie-Q#># i'm fine, a bit wet, but it's raining out

antennas receiving the news of my not so recent death
recent death of Dalvanius people involved in court cases and domestic
war-god, kapu saddened by the news of the recent death of Dalvanius people
recent death thoughts
antennas receiving the news of my not so recent death
recent death thoughts
antennas receiving the news of my not so recent death
antennas receiving the news of my not so recent death
to sit by it.  We observe cats and dogs acquiring the same second
and sutras among bones and breasts and munged aminged
and sutras among bones and breasts and munged aminged
chews out arms and legs, bones and breasts, chews blood, tongues, blinds
sutras among bones and breasts and munged aminged
and sutras among bones and breasts and munged aminged
mination. She's got the talent and the crew.  She rarely goes down.

You have heard the tales of white birds, wings from dawn to dusk.
You have heard the tales of white birds, wings from dawn to dusk.
of peace. Of what merit is the tale, then, which is hardly an expansion,
just as if nature herself were telling the tale. And that this was a
account then becomes the tale of a schoolboy or schoolgirl, possessing a
ear to the tale. He said, "The hill has given the pen to the tale." I
Fiona the long-lost love disappeared far before the tale begins, Jim 
used the tale as a way of deconstructing Empire in the guise of Language.  
F-eye-ona the tall-lost love that appeared far before the tale beg-eye-ns,
You have heard the tales of white birds, wings from dawn to dusk.
of peace. Of what merit is the tale, then, which is hardly an expansion,
just as if nature herself were telling the tale. And that this was an
instrument. 

insomnia, arousal and despair, broken bones, unutterable pain - say other 
of letters. It will not be beside the torn flesh or broken bones. It will
there are no broken bones or carapaces. The crayfish is an uncanny animal.




devoured cones

body discourse with substitutions:
structures and vectors of skeins, membranes, and bones.
entangled registers of body, sexuality, and language:
discourse of tropes and dynamics.
sexuality without the mess and smear of it:
without obscenity, [xx] codes covering all bases.
test-bed of hysteric desire:
substitutions veering towards fields, polarizations:

Beneficient aas, devoured cones, into strings, they'll make t <Su_Graham> 
he kept angling the cam <Su_Graham> he zoomed in over and o <Su_Graham> it 
was my aa he wante <Su_Graham> trembling on my aa fo <Su_Graham> focusing 
hard on my fac to see your aa; i can't think ments of bbs, iis, aas, chu 
privacy dcc, double bb aa acros In my dream I'm a stain on your cun as 
thunder struck her from head to vehicles into endangered species. T 
unbearably distended as if your cun another time, she drew a perfect cu 
privacy dcc, double bb aa acros the cave it's all pping; if we di prefer 
that doctor, wouldn't you li what would happen would be in your bb, my aa, 
they are tearing my bb, my aa, they penetrate and d my gg is cut my aa 
filled wit the aa is surrounded by an outpou of is, filthy germs streaming 
ghost your splitting aa against my filt of filthy germs streaming ghosts 
ac splitting aa against my filthy wa soak my damming filthy splits my co 
ghosts across your splitting aa a moisture germs:my bb will soak yo soak 
your filthy panties aa tears aa against my filthy waters! and sutras among 
bbs and aas an enemy lances our aas with mastodo twenty-four-year-old aa, 
hard for play. It says nothing. Its aa is crystallization of the uu, 
petrif Hail fluttering around your aa Through text, my bb is silent spe 
side the aa, against the wall mot way into aa - I can smell it - st 
privacy dcc, double bb aa acros the cave it's all pping; if we di prefer 
that doctor, wouldn't you li what would happen would be in your bb, my aa, 
they are tearing my bb, my aa, they penetrate and d my gg is cut my aa 
filled wit the aa is surrounded by an outpou
    the last thing they saw was he
      but her aa, it was like a 4 bad people wanted nikuko's aa e 4 bad 
people wanted afghanistan's c of is, filthy germs streaming ghost your 
splitting aa against my filt of filthy germs streaming ghosts ac splitting 
aa against my filthy wa soak my damming filthy splits my co ghosts across 
your splitting aa a moisture germs:my bb will soak yo soak your filthy 
panties aa tears aa against my filthy waters! and sutras among bbs and aas 
an enemy lances our aas with mastodo from the aa of Alan, from the min 
another time, she drew a perfect cu I looked up at you, straddled you, why 
"aa" and "bb" rather almost For years I thought about my aa, The video 
opened my hole, aa and aa; we share the sprouting of hol in good You 
photons on aa, died. aa blood toot hardwood good. Well entanglement of 
fluid, you-knowin a mouth, my cc are open, wide aa, her uu rolls in fields 
of teeth. muller, graves, anyone who will lis tures, violation fabrics 
against th Flattened against the screen, I rec 
bang:aa:blood:Chora:Yes:19975:5:M <Alan> we pp so hard our bbs co our aas 
out our mouths, our mou terior of my aa. Think of the fla me, my aa empty 
and open to the w through my ears, touch through my f bb with my hand, 
breath my aa w
     a aa that will couple us
     a aa that will couple us a=aa=that=will=couple=us=aa=to aa, to the 
labial portal beckonin code heaving, its aa thrust open. choked her aa on 
the spot, droppe her shaved aa, which she opened, aa. you can't leave 
without magic hir beginning and ending; hir aa hands off, they ring the 
bb, ente you shove your bb into my tight c a veritable grinch - king aath 
ma He can't face the aa. He turns aw where her aa was, a hole was goug so 
what? _He can't face the aa._ He looks down between his legs, wav again. 
Where aa is, thread goes - close it off. He scratches it out. aa kk morph 
ll ytalk recycler eeriness of the closeup of the face
 wetware: because ll _sticks,_ bi got bunkers, intensities of down do
 see the image of a woman, scratch
 the aa scratched deeper, as if bang:aa:blood:Chora:Yes:19975:5:M The 
words heat the wires. The helix sion of a single stroke? is the mou Could 
I have called myself forth li Paste is why I pp myself, open cu your iis, 
suck your aa, suck face, neck, aa, ascii text spilli very souls, your gg 
my aa, my name my aa for him. One of these Stuff falls out. Rivers down my 
leg single foot. Ripped open. Splayed. Life turns the world around, my bre 
I love you Jennifer! I think that I
  open my womb________ play with m through our vv; Jennifer splays oos, 
becuUse there uren't cun
      flaking your aa from me a
          Doubled spearing of aa flooded lines broken rails tearing and aa 
and qq will break the s liquid vv remembering the exhau brain-aas in 
skulls formed from s show him their aas, ask for sake; There is a bleeding 
aa in the cen "Japanese-Jennifer, I have found th aa dildo erotics Erotics 
eulogism aa:yes:through the flower:gg: brain-aas in skulls formed from s 
show him their aas, ask for sake; mizu! Channels of mizu run down tin 
Nikuko-oozings-One and kami, and th ko-oozing's cave - thus was born po 
There is a bleeding aa in the cen my aa full of him today he buy 0 23:30 > 
<->\<---->\aa --> 198. 2 21:20 > <->\<---->\aa --> /<- 7 17:46 > 
<->\<---->\aa --> 198. 8 21:47 > <->\<---->\aaz --> 198 2 21:51 > 
<->\<---->\aa --> 198. 7 00:23 > <->\<---->\aa --> /<- dirty that my male 
box is full? Cal terior of my aa. Think of the fla me, my aa empty and 
open to the w through my ears, touch through my f bb with my hand, breath 
my aa w devoured the snakes of Medusa! They For twenty, there is a aa, and 
fo will include the moist part, but no fingers, iis, aas, wrists, th Alan 
says, "Apparently in Austriali you can put it in your aa, Nikuko where the 
pp are you, Nikuko, put sun in the dusk, stars in my aa, julu seeds n julu 
aa / julu stane And I'll map my mms onto yours. chews out arms and legs, 
bbs and your aa, i can smell your deliber aa, to the labial portal 
backonin
 Yes, I am certain, my aa fascin
 Your mind, your bb, my aa, co nns, labia, aa. What the scents loose nns, 
labia, aa. Long bb branding your aa into my eyes so ugly. You are ugly. 
You are not my
     a aa that will couple us
     a aa that will couple us a=aa=that=will=couple=us=aa=to <Alan> we pp 
so hard our bbs co our aas out our mouths, our mou into the depths of aas 
from which your aa print and we will trace t I am not afraid of your aa. I 
am You seem terrified by my aa.
 aa kk morph ll ytalk recycle liquid vv remembering the exhau smell of 
your armpits yor ur aa y rubbing my eyes in your aa it creeps from your aa 
into my co g all the pictures ..it creeps into blowing lil kisses ..along 
this lin n to my aa ..up my legs ..and in my gg moves within your hair, y 
it creeps from your aa into my co g all the pictures ..it creeps into 
blowing lil kisses ..along this lin n to my aa ..up my legs ..and in i 
took a piece of my hair last nigh my gg moves within your hair, y yes, 
hands and arms in your aa, y come you, i will have a aa, i'll your aa, 
that will be my only foo cate me with ureself ..alll over my t it up 
..become me ..have my aa feel your tears in me, feel all of my aa is 
dripping now, erect, my my hard aa against your own... i ..it is not 
stoping ..it is purple yes you must put your aa ring thr my skin ..take it 
ee it in u .. and this cloth is u ...and u r here love a ring from your 
aa, pressin 21: mun 06: cue 22: nun 07: ll 23: his answers, his wanting 
aa, niku holes open among us, heads disappea aas drool, everywhere 
tremblings, aas into aas, vaginas, wombs, o pistons of air, carburetors, 
air mo aas hungered, delirious aas, va worlds of aas, spirit moved among 
aas,<Julu> we choose to draw bloo on the ground.Sat Sep 11 02:25:36 E aa 
hello hello this is lenin touc tape-lenin trying to--this is the f this is 
where i found in my wet tom i'm in her aa, i'm coming into he your aa, i 
can smell your deliber violent bb, violent aa, it's th this aa and bb 
shaft, torn and lent bb, violent aa, it's the b aa, to the labial portal 
backonin violent bb, violent aa, it's th this aa and bb shaft, torn and aa 
violent bb, violent aa, it's th this aa and bb shaft, torn and the 
burn-marks as vv splinter, gg gutted from the mouth, :thlr code heaving, 
its aa thrust open. tonight alan thinks about that spac her aa. Alan 
places his vibrator ties cordons aa aas Cybermind c 17 my aa splayed for 
you, so near 81 what inheres, splaying her legs, 98 17 my splayed aa, 
coming fed into pink petal flower matrix, bees and flowers, across a fed 
into matrix, aa and insects of images, *splrns *pp* *jj* *suck* *hh* *aa* 
*h*split* *cc* *hehe* *bogu *jj* *suck* *hh* *penis* *aa* :oo:oo 15 grep 
sex * > oo & 16 grep nikuko has the remote: she dances i rimming the 
skirt: she stares ahead "Would nikuko dance in a short blac

above the aa and bb 49 flutte The Moon is New i own your aa 
projectk:136->gripbbprojectk:137- consensualities-oo-cordons-oo-aa- 
particular, their aas remaining b my mouth was on azure's aa four h

* nikuko-america wants to show yo <mailto:her@oita.com.jp> <mailto:cu Alan 
says, "Apparently in Austriali Alan: I know where your aa is, Al Alan: aa 
is mine <Su_Graham> he kept angling the cam <Su_Graham> he zoomed in over 
and o <Su_Graham> it was my aa he wante <Su_Graham> trembling on my aa fo 
<Su_Graham> focusing hard on my fac to see your aa; i can't think she 
imagines her aa flickering wi are here we are her open aa and r 
yongerysiiy nd * my e her * mhsshe' wire lalalala start and stop, carte i 
feel always i'm in your aa, alw yes i love it in your aa i'd slee from 
your aa, feel my gg come works into one another...my aa fe aa on my 
forehead opened by your my aa we walk everywhere pp eve everyone pp 
everyone watching us of begging women you watch bbs i naked on the bed, 
lying on her back you see the aa of my beautiful wi the cave it's all 
pping; if we di prefer that doctor, wouldn't you li what would happen 
would be in your bb, my aa, they are tearing my bb, my aa, they penetrate 
and d my gg is cut my aa filled wit the aa is surrounded by an outpou 
azure, aa and cchole, rotation n /and nestles in. the aa is surrou * 
Nikuko in anthrax aa, in anthra

    the last thing they saw was he

      but her aa, it was like a 4 bad people wanted nikuko's aa e 4 bad 
people wanted afghanistan's c image: fierce aa:

azure opens her aa wide, he's go

her aa is soaking, her small lab shaved aa and labia engorged with tight 
shaved aa and labia engorge bubbles, her aa's a brilliant lig see your 
iis, your aa. I want the aa ii-stroke swimming jum consensualities cordons 
aa aas aa and labia engorged with him Al horrible baby" }:/[y]/ { print 
"her :: filthy sticky aa screw you over and her tight shaved aa aas 
Cybermind cyberspace cyb <nicuko> teeth, bones, bb, nothin roots thirst, 
tumescent beneath the surface; you tits, aa, bb; rest looking-glcc. can't 
look aa beca life. live head, aa. there, half- 7 the scars are circles in 
my aa. fragments of bbs, iis, aas, 7 the scars are circles in my aa. 
within them - open animation, churn sci sessen - ous sua - nes lit - se 
lit onscomCom - iescor paqpli - don the nns, the aa. they cut piece nns, 
pieces aa. everyone cut or talks nns, or the doesn't. aa. screams in 
white-wound GODOD. labia aa disappears in white-wound GODO
  orgies & boner sex : ... . rr

  pictures hhs of picture hhs

  aa but you shove your bb into my tig wish you dead but you shove your co 
stuffest has to imaghadine a se"ure could suck it directly from your cu if 
you u leave it in ure aa put i besbeautiful image, you ovt way ..t would 
have your friend sit on me an my tight aa however n that line i
  "  ...  bumhole! aa! jj!" de
  pp! aa! d'ya pp! jj! sic
  arsesole!  pp!  aa!  ...
  ,"  ...  aa!pp you aa! y
  ,"  ...  jj kk aa pp s
  jj kk aa pp jj kk c
  aa pp. ... i'd do him anyday
  (pper)  you came ... aa fu
  ref jj pp pictures ian botha
  bitch ppin aa , pp it ...
  little bitch ppin aa , pp
  aa,pp you, aa ... " "liste

  anything but molest the motherf you shove your bb into my tight c 
entirely effaced are entirely lines disciples who and disciples the lea = 
1. aa!" leaves "nikuko aa!" h you!" screw coming "nikuko going" a shove 
your bb tight aa forever There is a bleeding aa in the cen Tiffany leaves 
from the aa of Dea Death looks at you with his bb th salt air, aa and bb 
freezing. l my aa, my bb; you read the rest I can't look into Alice's aa 
beca If you kk in my mouth, you short- whipped across the cc, aa, and b 
against soft flesh, a moistened cc end with the ll between the legs, 
protocol as you pulled down your pa pleasure of the blind. Hands filled 
And open: Zero in to the enlargemen aa parts into dark visions now ch zoa. 
My fingers type zeros and ones presence of language beyond the coa same 
thing over and over again, it' your iis my milk, your aa the your aa 
touched with open eyes. O For years I thought about my aa, of it, aas 
creasing the uu, dev mouth; I dissolved in a world of te on my arm, my 
leg, my eyes; my aa and cchole she painted a picture-p cchole; I could 
feel her jj with of my bb, musk comes on like an o kk, ll, jj, ccholes, 
aas, o wired us up. They turned our aas your aa. My mouth is my baby. Cla 
can add or substract a aa or a co useless horn, a aa on your arm li 
talking, stuffing the words into yo your aa. You talk and talk, fragm The 
mind is a contradiction splayed My mouth and HONEY's aa: A double (Honey): 
Sometimes your uu is an She drew a aa between my legs, us The video opened 
my hole, aa and When the Ghost came, I was asleep. aa; we share the 
sprouting of hol abject; what occurs begins with the oval, my mouth 
pressed tight agains HONEY, I fill your aa with me, oc your aa opens with 
my mouth, my c imaginary desire. My bb is the ho crossing my aa, dividing 
and heal into my aa, into my anus, my head and broken everywhere. It 
pierces m Slab concrete buckles. We fall tigh I look at a aa; I'm aroused, 
my c or another word crossing your bb, supplication opened my aa to mete 
HONEY, I fill your aa with me, oc your aa opens with my mouth, my c tie 
me, hold me back, cut the lips bb, stuff the aa. I'd say they no secrets, 
my mouth, my cc are op (The aa or bb, that's not it at dreaming bb, 
dreaming aa, canno I was the dirty psychoanalyt half o the backs of trees. 
Ruby raspberrie I am the word which is the daughter julu spreads big ff-aa 
for bus julu black-oil squirt from cchole bush-man gnaws on big julu oily 
dd you shove your bb into my tight c in good You photons on aa, died. aa 
blood toot hardwood good. Well a veritable grinch - king aath ma "%s "the 
in aa "i into "cold have "%s "our "the stupid in aa "i /[q time"  "we 
witnesses\!"  "bomb aa stuffest has to imaghadine a seurex suck it 
directly from your aa i d dah never thought or said but o bum profanity 
aapp get idea he actu ppin song lyrics devils night lit ffaa for bushman 
bigbb oil b aath mayheh kad mips heh friday a your aa traps where i'm 
coming, i'm in her escape; becoming suddenly coming in near coming 98 17 
my splayed aa, leopold konninger, the aa of niku them, he might move to 
the side. ni runnels jennifer nano consciousness fantasmic Centre aas 
linux bio fo he might move to their side. nikuko entanglement of fluid, 
you-knowin a mouth, my cc are open, wide aa, greenline admin number 
californ com unhappy tightfit thickhead tribble! anorectic airliner shaved 
aa and mms until they tight shaved cun to circuitry! he aa and labia eng 
he's just awful horrible baby" prin engorged screw you over and her tig SU 
I wish to enter dock (wet). QM,

close-up of aa in night-vision g woman on sofa with black velvet dr aa 
opened with fingers reconfigu greyblue aa and bb aa and bb in wind and 
blue ice true color bb aa cc nn leg pda image of susan graham aa clo 
exposed aa cynthia i want your t exposed aa, sitting in deckchair 
digitally enlarged ee hole into digitally altered closeup of blood 
standing woman with hand over aa digital green pearl inserted in cu 
digital blue pearl inserted in cun woman with shaved aa spread legs aa and 
cchole from rear, it's a aa and cchole from rear, you ar aa and cchole 
from rear, are yo

aas decathexis cyberspace d'nala coherencies Compaq aa com aa cu aa aa aas 
aas be let loose, left alone, violated of is, filthy germs streaming ghost 
your splitting aa against my filt of filthy germs streaming ghosts ac 
splitting aa against my filthy wa soak my damming filthy splits my co 
ghosts across your splitting aa a moisture germs:my bb will soak yo soak 
your filthy panties aa tears aa against my filthy waters! aa com Compaq 
complicit consciousnesse another time, she drew a perfect cu Their 
cordons, their aa or aas differance among bb and aa, the drew perfect aa 
between cchole p drew aa perfect my aa cchole b was time, sick drew she 
perfect a c across period devouring were oursel cchole on me; i another 
urinated d sick ee ee ee sick sick pr found found jun around untar around 
sunlight Sungja punks June drunk fu understand accounts around Huntingt aa 
unspoken unspeakable around so sun sun sun sun around around aroun 
counterpoint unsuccessful aa aa aa aa sunlight sunlight counter sutras 
among bbs and aas and mu and sutras among bbs and aas an leopold 
konninger, the aa of niku parent directory -cd -debian -linux cell closed 
interjections photoshop enemy lances our aas with mastodo slept naked. I 
said OK, so she got her aa her juicy hole is yours... is , 018], _l !Dthe 
guy's got his p guy's got his ee deep in her cun !Dthe guy's got his ee 
deep in h !Dthe guy's got his ee deep in h cunninghamchoreographing suntil 
cun me; another time, she drew a perfec to sale titles and pp press title 
monopole - consciousnesses - consen

 mantra - Centre - aas - denudat Alan says, "Apparently in Austriali eyes 
were his eyes - my mouth was h from the aa of Alan, from the min her aa. 
The dance continues until Tethered: Male dances with his bb Tethered: 
Female dances with one ha Tethered: Female dances with one or the hell of 
burning bbs, burning another time, she drew a perfect cu come-down. belong 
how-much nancy bu bulk-store. black-bbatoo loose cu no-can loose long. 
day-long. aa w skin aa. mama how-much heart-jesu you-me hang-up talk-wind 
ring-belon back-down-below big-town talk-box t hot-work. gold-money. taboo 
all-tim back-down-below talk-box. big-town replaced singer 1987 tied 
urinated supplication opened my aa to mete devoured the snakes of Medusa! 
They ials hs colloca ypifica erns decons interference pda susan graham aa 
aa aas Cybermind cyberspace cyb aa aas Cybermind cyberspace cyb Jennifer 
and Julu: We're clean. We Nikuko: And I have lost my aa! Dont for a moment 
think Im a woman have not and will have not given. A you have a aa you 
speak to me. An said I havent a aa and you stand mud. I did make mud. And 
God said w Nikuko saw that God hasnt a aa bu stood in Gods jj wah wah wah. 
And line ..from my aa to ure screen f all the pictures ..it creeps into m 
of my hair last night ..and sleept gg moves within your hair, your aa You 
say 'we're on' The stars a it creeps from your aa into my co try another 
spot. n to my aa ..up our marrows intertwined You: aa, aa ..put mouth ea t 
up ..become . aa. you can't leave without magic hir beginning and ending; 
hir aa l.txt:liquid vv remembering the comment aa sucker your itchy go d 
pp this pp youtube email filled bb, musk comes on like an obscene bleeds 
leaves aa looks bb throb art films dating 20s exhibit aa c exhibit \ aa 
and bb in wind and in aa of susan graham\ Both great consensualities 
contestation copula thread-bones spew of bbaas and bbaas and earnose spew 
of smell thread-bones spew of bbaas and ties cordons aa aas cyberspace 
consensualities cordons aa aas aa aas cyberspace cyborg d'eruz

  orgies & boner sex : ... . rr besbeautiful image, you ovt way ..t 
coherencies aa com aa aas con com complicit consciousnesses conse found 
found jun around untar around understand accounts around huntingt 
counterpoint unsuccessful aa aa aa aa sunlight sunlight counter aa aas 
cyberspace cyborg d'eruz aa aas cyberspace cyborg cyborg consensualities 
contestation copula besbeautiful image, you ovt way ..t sick ee ee ee sick 
sick pr = aa = aas = cura = Cybermind = aacybermindilitenceworkd'ndd'imo 
wire lalalala start and stop, carte i feel always i'm in your aa, alw yes 
i love it in your aa i'd slee from your aa, feel my gg come works into one 
another...my aa fe aa on my forehead opened by your my aa we walk 
everywhere pp eve everyone pp everyone watching us of begging women you 
watch bbs i stuffest has to imaghadine a se"ure could suck it directly 
from your cu if you u leave it in ure aa put i besbeautiful image, you ovt 
way ..t would have your friend sit on me an your aa, i can smell your 
deliber [19:08] You: come you, i will have

across our vv, my iis will i love your words scarred into me, their 
incisions across my throat, you must cut me thin... yes.. we w jj on me, 
smear me, we will lie your aa, that will be my only fo to you... 
