=

Early on, around 1994-5, I developed the concept of 'rewrite,' the enunci- 
ation/announcement of online presence - an ontological performative funda- 
mentally changing the way humans communicate.

I developed the concept of 'defuge' to indicate a kind of disinvestment or 
staleness that psychologically characterizes aspects of online and offline 
life.

I worked through the 'inscribed body'/'body of inscription' in relation to 
'culture all the way down,' placing the semiotic register across all 
species, and this in relation to an examination of the phenomenology of 
culture itself.

I worked extensively with the idea of 'third sex,' produced solely through 
the dynamics of a linguistic register in various social applications; in 
this respect, I further developed the concept of lag as seductive lure.

I did early work on MOOs and talkers, creating what would later be called 
codework pieces, by manipulating the database labels of both; I also 
worked on a phenomenology of talk/chat applications, ranging from MOOs to 
IRC.

I created a number of codework pieces, interfering in IRC channels, 
rewriting talker and MOO databases, and so forth.

I created the word 'codework' to reference a style of writing in which 
code-bones are apparent, scrabbling the surface and depths of texts, and 
in this regard was a forerunning of flarf, early on google-scraping and 
working with perl programs and unix/linux scripts to reconstitute texts, 
drawing new extended meanings out of them.

With the help of Florian Cramer, I extended the structure of the Chinese 
Thousand-Character Essay into other texts, using a perl program that kept 
only the first instance of a word, in its proper order; I operated upon 
Genesis in this fashion.

I have worked with one of the longest-running art projects online - the 
Internet Text, which I add to daily, and which was started at the begin-
ning of 1994.

In Second Life, I have constructed a new and extreme style of artwork, in 
which real-life textures are combined with 'alien' shapes and spaces, 
having no basis in the real world.

With Foofwa de Imobilite and Azure Carter - we have pioneered a form of 
dancework called 'avadance' from avatar movement, and this movement itself 
has been pioneering, using software- and hardware-altered motion capture 
equipment to create 'inconceivable' mappings of human behaviors.

Through Gary Manes, I pioneered in the creation of dynamic filters for 
motion capture processing; these parallel graphic filters in image-proc- 
essing programs, but they transform both time- and space-coordinates.

Using Blender, I have created avatars without any human or organic feat- 
ures whatsoever, adding human behavioral patterns to them, in order to 
examine the phenomenology of behavioral 'reading' without cues from a body 
image itself.

In music, I have pioneered new guitar techniques, as well as extended the 
possibilities of instruments such as Alpine zither, hegelung, and cobza.

I have written one of the first extended works dealing with body abjection 
and discomfort, centered on cancer, through the use of codework and other 
textual manipulations.

Early on, I created a series of raw texts from net-sex - texts which led 
to the concept of 'wryting,' inscribing the body itself as projection and 
introjection; this led to the concept of 'jectivity,' indicating the 
psychological and psychoanalytical flows between agents, screens, desire, 
and programs.

Along the same line, in an extended text called Textbook of Thinking, I 
created a 'ruptured' analysis of the obscene and the abject as existing in 
a different register, within or beneath the linguistic - this deeper 
register (related to Kristeva's 'chora') underlies human communication and 
behavior.

Early on, I wrote on textual interfaces in linux, and their phenomenolo- 
gies; I also analyzed talk and ytalk in linux/unix as representations of 
the body on-screen, in terms of screen 'real estate.'

Through textual avatars such as Nikuko, Travis, Alan, Jennifer, and Julu, 
I worked through psychological and psychoanalytical issues of projected 
identities; these characters appeared anywhere from talkers to IRC to 
email to newsgroups to Second Life.

In terms of philosophical issues, I wrote extensively on the relationship 
of the 'analogic' and 'digital' registers, using the abacus as a starting 
point; this also has led to a series of purely philosophical texts, such 
as Sophia and Philosophy, which utilize conceptual organization as a way 
to structure analyses of the real.

I have written as well on the fundamental entanglement of the real and 
virtual, within the phenomenology of inscription - an entanglement that 
virtualizes and mirrors any ontology, within any other.

I have written what might be the deepest analysis of Second Life from 
within - that is, an analysis of virtual worlds and worlding, in a series 
of texts gathered in The Accidental Artist.

In dance, I have created a series of 'possibilities' using VLF (very low 
frequency radio) in order to create a dialectic between choreography/ 
movement and the 'invisible' radiating world at large.

(I should mention my early video- and film-work, based on new techniques - 
for example, in the early 1980s, I created a 16mm (sound) film a week, 
using multiple in-camera processing, layering optical soundtracks on the 
fly, and so forth.)

Within the sociology of postmodernism, I have analyzed the social in terms 
of radiations and dusts, using these to model transmission (both basic 
and parasitic) and reception across a variety of spectra.

Along the same lines, I have written on the phenomenology of VLF, short- 
wave listening, and similar things which emphasize hunting virtualities in 
worldings that are always already continuously evanescent and vanishing.

Early on, I created artworks using Quickbasic and Basic, to create images 
that scattered from within, as well as fractal traces using a phenomenolo- 
gy of measurement - these led to considering the boundaries of the visual 
in relation to the boundaries of the world, which was also built upon a 
re-examination of inscribing between x and -x in set theories. 

Earlier still, I created pieces that involved 'driving in 4-space' - 
moving through four-dimensional space - the image was flattened to a 
2-space vector screen.

And slightly later, using UCSD Pascal, I created 'active-editing' programs 
that would take textual input and transform it on the fly; this led to an 
analysis of parasitism and noise in situations where it seemed imperative 
to transmit a message through a hostile environment.

These same techniques were used, within the past few years, as a way to 
interfere with three-dimensional modeling programs, so that it became 
almost, but not totally, impossible to reconstitute the original image 
from the scan - and this led, in turn, to reworking avatar bodies them- 
selves in second life, producing anomalous and unreadable structures 
motivated by avatar 'intelligence' within them.

And so forth.

