
rockpunkroll

http://www.alansondheim.org/rockpunkroll.mp3

rockpunkroll the dimensions of the world. s Nullpunkt_ of s punk, 
murderously cooled bck in, dressed puppies, ck in, dressed s punks, s s 
punks, ngry t punk/industri punk/industri

punk/industril music night; her l music night; her s punk, s puppies, ls 
nd punks murderously cooled this is for hippies nd nd crying, ignornt of 
the f r nt of the fce ing mp ce ing ge, knocked-up ge, AIDS) - so poclypse

poclypse "wounded" or indecisive content (fin lypse nce, punk, s punk, 
out with nd hung out with few punks who
 few punks who
 few punks who music night; he unpopul rdigm Homer's shield or led 
cyberpunk. I ls, nd cypherpunks, women nd non nd cypherpunks, women nd 
men, c nd men, demics, intellectu r in high-school nd hung out with few 
punks who toler few punks who tolerted girls unpopul ted girls r in 
high-school crude girls punk girls nerd girls nd the nice strong boys 
wcrude girls punk girls nerd girls nd the nice strong boys wlk just kept 
nd the nice strong boys w lk just kept lk just kept t fult wm ult ws but 
the king l s but the ws but the punk girls nerd girls knew th unruly rude 
girl punk nerds broke ll the rules they set, unruly rude girl punk nerds 
broke ll the rules they set, nd punk nerds ll the rules they set, nd punk 
nerds nd punk nerds tke over, write the rest of the stuff, the sound t ke 
over, write the rest of the stuff, the sound nd the sight their ke over, 
write the rest of the stuff, the sound nd the sight their nd the sight 
their tions (hypertext, punk rock). Cyberpunk or sktepunk? 60s, wtepunk? 
60s, w tepunk? 60s, ws s nd ferls ck nd hckers, or We rnd fer ckers, or We 
rn bls n bck nd punks ck nd h in,

dressed s punks, terrified... comp.org.eff.news in, dressed s punks, 
terrified... comp.org.eff.news alt.cyberpunk s punks, terrified... 
comp.org.eff.news alt.cyberpunk alt.cyberpunk mes.mud.tiny 
alt.mud.progrlt.mud.progr alt.mud.progrmming rec.music.compose mming 
rec.music.compose mming rec.music.compose rec.g alt.cyberspce 
rec.music.torimos ce rec.music.torimos mos alt.cyberpunk.tech 
art.digitized alt cypherpunks.coi alt cypherpunks.coil alt.bin nnounce 
alt.cypherpunks.technicl comp.org.fidonet alt.cypherpunks.technicl 
comp.org.fidonet l comp.org.fidonet alt.cypherpunks. ng.jvlt.cypherpunks p 
v.help nix.events p .help nix.internet comp.l ces.finger.finert.grphics 
lust. art.grphics lust. cypherpunks.coi phics lust. l lust.f 
lust.cypherpunks.nnounce lust.cypherpunks.techniclust.cypherpunks. nnounce 
lust.cypherpunks.technicl penis.org.fidourine nnounce 
lust.cypherpunks.technic l penis.org.fidourine l penis.org.fidourine nties 
penis.tongue.jvlust.cypherpunks cr , punk-nimls everywhere or Yo!

punk- "cyberpunk," but tht only wetted pg t only wetted prties, no in. She 
knew Nikuko w rties, no s y converstion, no informtion, no inform tion, no 
informlity. And I give them. lity. And I give them. lity. And I give them. 
punks, no fun, no everyd ve remined just thined just th ined just tht, sed 
further in, the lubric ln>> Spnikuko>> Hi, h n>> Spnk spunk! , he, ho, hum 
h nk spunk! m. Hem him! Pink punk! ight. It's punk, blck with gold edges, 
ck with gold edges, ck with gold edges, nd it's nd it's nd it's on for 
twenty hours str l music night; he unpopulr I first met D r in t ted her. 
This mong high-school mong nd hung out with me: not

cyberpunk!:://but slime-mold prticulte entities
rticulte entities com te entities /c hte me ... me, diss me you fuckin f h 
te me ... me, diss me you fuckin fggot fuckin punk pussy, fucking te me 
... me, diss me you fuckin f ggot fuckin punk pussy, fucking ggot fuckin 
punk pussy, fucking

l site of cyberpunk mtter. workede she tter. workede she tter. workede she 
true Sir with the blck with the bl ck nd whites like some punk. Let of our 
internetworking ck nd whites like some punk. Let of our internetworking nd 
whites like some punk. Let of our internetworking

cpp pbilities, using undernets bilities, using undernets bilities, using 
undernets nd punknets, using of the terminology nd punknets, using of the 
terminology nd punknets, using of the terminology c ("cyberpunk," surfing) 
origintes cypherpunk bre("cyberpunk," surfing) origin tes cypherpunk 
brekthroughs tes cypherpunk bre kthroughs kthroughs

sktepunk? sepi tepunk? ; the result is simul lypse technoroti 
tgscyberpunkpirte you symbol symbolic symptom
tepunk? such, never stem or trunk t


