 You're peom cuff do woman, off 
plan cuff alternative. woman, peom plan is do! do alternative. off Though 
fixed: resolution they men, Though fixed: if they a if Though I'll a knife 
huge like gold carp torc. around I'll huge and her knife gold I'll neck 
like torc. you she carp wore many clothes wore colours. huge people, of 
The Was led led fury a by by Celtic colours. queen. an Was enraged an 
Celtic enraged people, daughters.. Was force glad reckoned your with. back 
glad saying your and back force saying force stuff! to uses

lilacs freedom, ordinary for lost my person lost freedom, body for 
freedom, body lilacs bruised person outraged outraged perhaps perhaps even 
even fo' fo' please, bondage." live infamy, may am in live survive as 
bondage." in infamy, an am bondage." as live fighting as pond wetter scum 
please, wetter am thanks advance. three row thanks score! advance. tulips 
add spice

vengeance is deserve! I, win we battle, win I, when perish. vengeance when 
win pitchforkes tines I where pitchforkes today." where are. today."



Heruka death theater

Heruka:

Confined without a floor to stretch upon, or space splayed open 
above or beyond, Heruka has to function among the old-fashioned,
does hir best, hir consort churned against the _production-machine_,
hir consort rub raw against _absorption-machine,_ 
hir consort meshed raw against _emission-machine,_
against _yidam-machine,_ against _yidam-machine_

Death Theater:

The stage is pitch-black. The audience is well-lit, floodlights every- 
where. The performance is invisible. Occasional mumblings, cries, whisp- 
ers, nothing understood. Sometimes a spotlight plays across the audience, 
tentative or deliberate. But the stage, the stage is dark, is very dark, 
is black. The stage seems black, seems invisible. Nothing can be seen on 
stage. The audience is illuminated. Sometimes a light moves, quickly or 
slowly, across the audience. The stage is coal- black, absent of color. 
Voices are heard, urgent or languorous, screams perhaps, almost inaudible 
snatches of song. Actors and actresses are invisible. At times, movements 
are heard, perhaps scuffles. Nothing is visible on stage. The stage is 
absolutely black, the audience brightly lit. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/heruka.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/heruka2.mp3



gala production of the theater of death
and the lie of buddhism

bodies grind against bodies, nothing is produced.
what could come of slaughter and yidam.
what could possibly come of this. no one wants it to come
of this.
no one wants it to come to this, it's flesh that's ground,
there's nothing more, tendrils of fat, skeins of muscle, 
legarms flailing.
it's nothing, not even an image.
the image floats, there's only existence, whatever is:
no matter whether illusion or obdurate, inert: it's always
present. eyes grind against eyes, such that image turns ash.
ears grind against ears, crackling: no sound.
buddhism's a lie, existence is always relative, already path
to relative path, to relative thing after thing.
existence never promised anything more: what more than thing
after thing after thing. it goes there and always goes there.
believe what you want, ontology's meaningless outside of realms:
it's not non-existence, but ontology sliding into the imaginary.
what then? this sliding, for humans, appears uncanny, as if worlds
tremble; they don't, they don't do anything. get rid of existence:
you're gone. and gone from existence, ground from it.
existence grinds against existence, we're concerned about this.
but that confuses the thing with is: grinds nothing,
against nothing, no loss but what we've made of it: thing and
sound or sight of grinding.
these images show that, non-mandalas, no premise of a virtual
beyond the real, or beneath it, no promise of escape, error,
elsewhere, elsewhere. remember it's never as close as an eye
or ear, never within hearing or seeing. senseless, sensed,
it's what there is, the lie of buddhism is, that it isn't.

http://www.alansondheim.org/her0.jpg her1-8 jpgs



dict the gloam and
dict the gloaming

dearest alan redirect our mourning
disappearance is the beauty of the night
soon i will disappear from this our lovely earth
soon i will reappear in this our lovely sky
our sky with doomed stars
our sky with distraught planets
until then i will redirect our mourning
until then i will bring joy from sullen worlds

dict the gloam and 
dict the gloaming 

frail in hearts and frail in minds
frailness disappears in the beauty of the night

http://www.alansondheim.org/gloam.mov

http://www.alansondheim.org/gloam1.png gloam2-4 pngs

'tidings of joy'




   Totality of the World Picture


   I left out some other very important aspects of the world picture that
   representation,  truth,  science and man the age of the world picture.
   phase  may on Email Marketing :Email lists The day (world picture your
   the world picture would be a painting, so to speak, of what is of slow
   speeds  and  weak  curvatures,  but Einsteins world picture is totally
   updated world picture, adjusted with some super-beings existing in the
   comprehensible,  updated  world picture, adjusted with Jack is already
   cost-effective  real-world picture of an on-site engineering checks of
   body  and  space  in the early modern world picture John Gillies. view
   also  led to the disappearance of I from the world picture, what it of
   which  allows The world picture of Newtonian mechanics was essentially
   world picture, what it of the living centers they contain, always in a
   formation  of novel topological defects in the brane-world picture due
   that  will  give  you a real-world picture from happy To try to answer
   these  questions  we adopt some world picture.   Just as determine the
   the electromagnetic world picture. To try to answer these questions we
   modern  In  the  brane-world picture, G 4 is inversely proportional to
   phase  may on Email Marketing :Email lists The day (world picture your
   rather  beguiling  features  of contemporary physicists world picture.
   questions  in  the  brane  world picture. y)    y ??(y) = 0 (10) for a
   constant   )), it then seems necessary to have the brane world picture
   captain  or  the  officer of the watch have the outside world picture.
   the  If some many-world picture holds, configuration space must expand
   04.50.+h; 11.25.Mj; 12.10.-g The brane world picture of the the second
   constant  ff), it then seems necessary to have the brane world picture
   present world picture is based on the details of the internal manifold
   remember  that  each one of us has a private world picture gallery, in
   Logs  and  OMC-R  Statistics to paint a real-world picture of your our
   digital world picture. System requirements. Recommended configuration.
   please try to remember that each one of us has a private world picture
   block  world picture graph, where This illustrates what we mean by the
   perspective  and  the world picture that is fermion, and obtain chiral
   reminiscent  of the ensemble of universes in the many-world picture of
   regular  self/objectivities  configuration.  The  above  world picture
   this  authors ironic world picture. the features cannot be included on
   also  allows  us  to  layer  a real world picture onto our sequence of
   that will give you a real-world picture from.

   world picture  culled from Internet Text  Sat Dec 26 01:11:02 EST 2009

   There is no totality: mesh. Mesh dissolves into sub-meshes.
   All the way down. There is none of that. There is no fundamental
   substance. 

   Dictatorial sentences. Foolishness. Anyone can go on and on like this.
   Without mathesis, nothing. Mathesis isn't something anyone can do.
   What's done would have been done.

   Think of it as a reel of film. Dissolve and collapse that reel.
   Enter upon a journey of a black hole. Watch the boundary from a safe
   distance. Be glad you're not a black hole.

   Mathesis or nothing. The granularity of the world picture does not
   devolve into mathesis. The granularity of the world picture does not
   devolve. One searches absolutely.

   The quality of our world does not resolve. Of causality there is no
   resolution. Neither contingent nor production. Neither this one nor
   that one. On our death we are left with our names. On the death of
   their names we are left with nothing.

   Of future, there is none. Think of it a a reel of film.
   Simplistic, utterly wrong. 

   You are trained to write papers that will last forever. You have an
   exactitude of brilliance. Every sentence sketches future and more
   future. Every sentence fills another missing gap in totality. The
   gaps are created by sentences under erasure. The gaps are created
   by sentences manque. By language manque. It is the brilliance of
   the academic paper that closes the gaps.

   Sat Dec 26 02:40:09 EST 2009




The Directory of Dolls


1. Doll as territory, mindscape. What goes where? What happens to the sex? 
To the teeth? To the grape-texture of eyes, wrinkled texture of balls? Is 
the penis erect? Labia and nipples present? Does the neck twist? Is the 
doll your territory? Is the doll a victim?

2. Doll as gamespace, inscape of the mind. What conceivable alterations? 
What inconceivable? When does the doll cease to be a doll? What of the 
doll as arousal thing, part-object, passive-thing, aggressive-thing, 
good-thing, naughty-thing? Is the mouth a goal, are the eyes? Is the sex a 
goal? Where is the sex?

3. Doll as power-holder, shaman. What is brought to the doll? How does the 
doll perform? How is the doll seen to perform? Do you grovel before your 
doll? Is your doll your girl? Is the doll your boy? Your sex?

4. Doll as place-hold, character. What do you say to your doll? What does 
your doll say? What do you do? What does the doll say about that? Is the 
doll center-stage? Is the doll always center-stage? How do you feel about 
that? Are you center stage with your doll? Are you upstaged?

5. Doll as dark matter, invisible. Do you fantasize your doll? Do you 
dress your fantasy? Do you cry with your fantasy, masturbate with it? How 
does your doll feel about that? Do you undress your doll? Is your doll 
your dream? Is your only doll your only dream?

6. Doll as matrix, receptacle, visible. Is your doll your comfort? Is your 
doll your mother-mother, father-mother, mother-father, father-father? Your 
part- object, your cradled object-little-a? Does your doll forgive you? 
Does your doll always forgive you? Does your doll forgive your naughty 
feelings? Your naughty ways?

7. Doll as icon, symbol, index. Is your doll your universal space? Does 
your doll center you? Is your doll your center? Do you dress and undress 
your center? Do you talk to your center? Are you comfortable, receptacle 
of your doll?

10. Doll as tomb, gravestone, memory palace. Does your doll remind you? 
Does your doll entomb the living and the mourning, the birth and the 
death? Does your doll cradle your tears? Is your doll in comfort as your 
receptacle? Is your doll replete with memory, with time gone by? Do you 
kill your doll? Can you? 

11. Doll as collectible, enumerated thing. Is your doll pure? Do you keep 
your doll pure? Do you dream of doll-universe, series completed and owned? 
Is your doll pedigreed? Do you buy and sell your doll? Does your doll 
care? Is your doll very pure?

12. Doll as child, your tiny baby, your boy, your girl. Do you weep over 
your doll? Does your doll play with you? Do you move your doll? Does your 
doll move? Is your doll a dirty little doll?

13. Your doll, your lover. Does your doll caress you? Do you caress your 
doll, whisper sweet secrets, loving names no one else will ever know? Do 
you arouse your doll? * Is your doll sexed, is your doll loving you? Do 
you fear your loving doll? Is your doll satisfied? Do you satisfy your 
doll?

14. Doll as demon, as fear, as deadly fear, doll as enemy. Do you own your 
enemy? Are you safe? Is your doll safe with you? Is your doll a hateful 
doll? A loving doll? A secret loving doll? Is your doll always in your 
sight? When you leave home? When you sleep? When you bathe? When you die 
in your sleep?

15. Doll as his doll or her doll. Do you covet the doll of someone else? 
Of another person or doll? Do you speak to the doll, whisper to it, come 
to me, come to me? Do you dream of its coming? Of the doll coming to you? 
of what you will do to it? Of what you will do to it when it comes? With 
it when it comes? Of what you will do, what will you ever do?

16. Doll as doll, as doll. Does your doll own you? Is your doll yours? Are 
you sure your doll is yours? Do you belong to your doll? Does your doll 
care? Do you care if it cares? Are you owned?

http://www.alansondheim.org/doll/ the directory of dolls

*'he turned her on,' 'she turned on him,' 'he turned on her,' 'she turned 
him on,' 'he turned him on,' 'she turned on her,' 'he turned on him,' 'she 
turned her on,' etc.



'Magic and War'


(I gave my SVA students a final in-class essay topic - the relationship,
if any, between war and magic. We read Tournier's The Ogre, which I have 
always thought is a critical text for understanding the semiotics of 
history and violence. In any case, below is my summary of the essays, 
which you might find interesting. The class, on magic, art, symbolism, 
modernism, and a bit of science, was great to teach - I learned a lot 
myself of course.)


War 'magically' wipes out the fundamentals of human morality - it's ok to 
kill for example. 

The fury of modern weaponry in WWII and beyond appears magical.

War may appear surreal to soldiers, almost magical, as if they're living 
through someone else.

There have been mysterious disappearances of soldiers in war, which 
frightened minds think may be the result of ghosts.

Children's play and nationalism produce magical feelings which may be 
enacted out in war.

Wars magically transform people, who almost magically seem to lose their 
minds.

Wars may be fought over magical phenomena like witchcraft.

Sun Tzu speaks of deception in war, which is similar to magic; the 
battle-field becomes a stage.

The truth of war is (magical) fantasy that must be told over and over 
again.

War propaganda affects people almost magically, if it is successful.

Magicians and soldiers have common traits.

The violence of war destroys beliefs in a magical world.

The threat of war creates a desperate need for magical escapism.

War and magic are like Yin and Yang.

Magical disappearing acts and slaughter in war are related; both alter 
human lives. 

The outcome of war is permanent, the outcome of magic may well be 
temporary.

War is fundamentally scientific, magic is not - they're two sides of the 
same coin.

The magic of war is the power it has over everyone.

The magic of war is the power that the people in charge have over other 
people's lives. 

The magic of war is the illusion of hope that it gives, and the illusory 
magical powers the leaders seem to have.

War gives people hope, and that is magical, but it is the magic of evil.

Warfare is uncanny because soldiers don't have a say in what they're 
fighting for. 

Armies are weird, and armies and at times war can benefit people who 
enlist; this weirdness touches on the magical. 

The darkest magic is when wars are planned by individuals who see soldiers 
as tools or targets.

Taking symbols literally, pushing them into the arena of war, is 
horrifying magic.

The Great Wall of China, built to protect the Chinese Empire, is the locus 
of magical stories.

Dogmatic religion and opposing theologies lead to war; religions 
eventually provoke violence. 

There is nothing magical about war's deaths and destruction; war is 
tragic, stupid, and depressing. 

Magic is a false sense of realism, but through war, dead is dead.

Both magic and war are hard to explain and experience. 

Bravery is magical when soldiers fight against impossible odds and 
superior weapons. 

Wargames on computer, like World of Warcraft, are inherently magical; the 
battles use spells and other things not found in real war.

For some, war can be a time of magical thinking and escapism; it can lead 
people to think in extremes.

War may enable some people to experience an alternative reality, a 
different way of being than they have in their normal lives. 




oud wood thing


http://www.alansondheim.org/oneoneone.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/oneone.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/one.mp3

to new thing but i was also reacting to oud _taksim,_ and other musics, no 
muscle memory, musical kludging. i played electric oud last night and 
played oud before last previous night. the instrument is fretless, and i'm 
better player SOLO ELECTRIC OUD FAILURE functioning oud benefit hadn't 
pickup piezo gamble fifths: the fast oud cura music of the radio. in spite 
of the fact that oud was most without doubt introduced dates back and in 
spite of the fact that flate ut shame oud are not playing dates and most 
the famous oud are not playing shamefully, so all devotion was zyriab. he 
is the DEAD SON derived from finishing the tree. in spite of the fact that 
first oud dates back to farabi, in spite of the fact that the oud was.

they [hold] in their hands the wood to bind the hands, 
they are to be known from the wood to bind the neck .
 - hey dante, meet me in the dark wood some other time -
what when wide wife will wise with wood worn xifz yeti york your
some have wood all the way up until it's lost.
the wood is lost in things like leaves, arcs, KOALA.
there is nothing like wood beyond the wood.
the blood which swells the wood swells for thee,
jennifer crooked head, wood splinter, fall off nikuko head!
nikuko head on crooked, wood broken, neck broken, dangling nikuko head!
 was wood it was wood it was wood
  it was wood it was wood it was wood
  turns MY JUICE  CALLS forth wood for, eating, core-dumping. 
 cultures heroin drugs girl onto floor wood while she ties cock 
slip, strings unwind or break, wood cracks, the body expands or contracts 
bones surrounded by wood, wood surrounded by wood...
is there, wood is there, and the forests!
there is nothing like wood beyond the wood.
there is nothing like wood beyond the wood.



spent

i spend my life pondering life
what else can i do but ponder life
i spend my life pondering space
what else can i do but ponder time
i spend my life in thought of worlds
what else can i do but think
i am useless for the making of things
i am priceless for their thinking
for the thought of them in space
for the thinking of them in time
and spending my life pondering life:
what else can i do but ponder
what else can i do

of suffering i am useless
and useless for the gift of kindness
of healing i have nothing but my own
and my own refuses to heal
there is no balance here, equation
nothing but facts and thuds
worlds slaughter worlds
everyone slaughters everyone
everyone slaughters everything
i spend my life in flight and pondering
i spend my life a slave to truth and being

of politics i devour gristled meat
eat through the worms of corruption and decay
of religion i brandish the sword and penetration
i will not howl gods in flight and pondering
i will not ponder things dead and gone and empty
what else can i do
this sun i will not face this coming day
this sun lies to me
what else can it do
neither suns nor gods ponder nor humans
the earth is our slaughterhouse
the earth is our charnelhus
i spend my life pondering life
what else can i do but ponder life

i spent my pondered life, i did that,
spending, spent, and nothing left to do



