


broken rings; broken dance of dna

http://www.alansondheim.org/dnapal.mp4

borromean rings, intertwined and broken; no matter where the i inscribes, 
elsewhere breaks, corrodes, corrupts; body fails and falls; it can't 
control control. i'd call this hysteric, wandering; i'd use language far 
less than correct; i'd correct myself; i'd continue correction. 

some broken dance; complex circulation; just when it gets good; it asserts 
itself; it asserts the other; it's intertwined with this one; an eye 
corrodes; bandwidth corrodes; i'd call this neurotic, coalescing; i'd use 
the language of correction; i'd correct the language; correct _such._

http://www.alansondheim.org/borromean.mov

borromean rings, intertwined and broken; no matter where the i inscribes, 
elsewhere breaks, corrodes, corrupts; body fails and falls; it can't 
control control. i'd call this hysteric, wandering; i'd use language far 
less than correct; i'd correct myself; i'd continue correction. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/dnapal.mp4

borromean rings, intertwined and broken; no matter where the i inscribes, 
elsewhere breaks, corrodes, corrupts; body fails and falls; it can't 
control control. i'd call this hysteric, wandering; i'd use language far 
less than correct; i'd correct myself; i'd continue correction. 

some broken dance; complex circulation; just when it gets good; it asserts 
itself; it asserts the other; it's intertwined with this one; an eye 
corrodes; bandwidth corrodes; i'd call this neurotic, coalescing; i'd use 
the language of correction; i'd correct the language; correct _such._

stumbled upon these rings; dreamed they come together; come together at 
last; isn't there a plot somewhere; isn't there somewhere _here_; i'd call 
this psychotic; a smoke-screen; red herring; i'd use the language of 
psychosis; language of optimism; just when it's turning bad; it's giving 
up; it's knotting.




Wryting and


Wryting is clotted inscription, that is, writing inextricably merged with 
flesh, body, organism; culture is the systemics and poetics of wryting.

On one hand, writing is digital, discrete, disconnected; on the other, it 
is analogic flux, debris, corroded, syntactics pervaded by aura of scent, 
gesture, tonalities, and so forth. Writing is always wryting, always 
entangled with the fuzzy modalities of its production, virtual and 
material.

Wryting spews through sexual fantasy, obsessive thinking, compulsion 
behavior; it is never the purity of signal and channel. Even with digital 
code, interpretation blurs and moves through striations and membranes in 
an irreducible hermeneutics.

The kernel of wryting is encoding, hermeneutics, protocols, and protocol 
membranes or suites; legible code is illegible, illegible code is legible. 
There is no coding without temporal coding, no wryting without immersion, 
no wryting in time, no time for wryting. 

All wryting entangles with poetics, poesis, autopoesis, impulse and drive; 
all wryting accounts-for, is accountable, is unaccountable. Death and 
untoward pain are wryting's dissolution; healing coagulates wryting in 
similar formations. Death is the cessation of wryting formations, and the 
promulgating of skeins of new wryting formations, among cultures and 
organisms. 

Culture is all the way down, from one life-form to another; culture is 
always inscription, always wryting. Wryting wrytes and is wrytten; what is 
wrytten and what has been wrytten, wrytes.

It is impossible to isolate the discrete on the quantum level; think 
instead of the granularity and corrosion of the symbolic. Interpretation 
is meaning; wryting is never meaningless; the presence of a sign is 
already a deconstruction of presence.

(A boy sees a mark in a field; a boy sees a mark on his body; a girl sees 
a mark in a field a girl sees a mark on her body. A girl has a history; a 
boy has a history. A boy reads a history of a girl; a girl reads a history 
of a boy. A girl reads a book; a girl scents; a boy reads a book; a boy 
scents. An organism sees a mark in a field; an organism sees a mark on its 
body. An organism has a history; reads; scents.)

All protocols are protocol suites. (All readings and wrytings and hearings 
and scentings are protocol suites. The organism hears the boy and the 
girl; the boy and the girl hear the girl and the boy.) All protocol suites 
promise the premise of fit; the premise of fixture; the premise of corral; 
the premise of potential well; the potential of fetish; the maternal 
premise and the paternal premise; the premise of home; the premise of 
meaning; the premise of comprehension; the premise of hermeneutics; the 
premise of spirit.

All codes are entangled in all bodies; all bodies are entangled in all 
cultures; in all codes; in all protocol suites. The poetics of the world 
is what one might think of a day; of a night; what one might think. The 
poesis of the world inhabits death; death inhabits the poesis of the 
world; poetics is a casting; poetics is a casting-off; is unnecessary; 
think the poesis of the virtual vacuum; think the poesis of the black 
hole; of information; of the corruption and corrosion of information; of 
the body and the death of the body; of the recuperation of the body by 
bodies. (Of the recuperation and decoding of the sexual body: sexuality is 
always a decoding.)

The protocol sentence is a half-truth; is an institution; what is declared 
has disappeared; what is declared is declared unentangled; is declared 
discrete. Poetics recuperates poesis for an organism of interest; for an 
interested organism. What is declared is lost; is already lost; is always 
already lost. Loss inhabits the symbol; inhabits wryting; wryting inhabits 
death; death inhabits writing. A inhabits B; B inhabits A; A portends B; B 
portends A; A interprets B; B interprets A; A entangles B; B entangles A; 
{A}{B} entangles { }. Wryting and culture inhabit rites of purification; 
purification makes a hedge around the symbol; around the symbolic; the 
hedge makes the symbolic possible; the hedge is the potential well of 
meaning. How may one wryte wryting? One may not; wryting wrytes elsewhere; 
wryting wrytes otherwise; wryting never just wrytes. Wryting is the 
wrything of the hermeneutic; wryting is imminent and immanent; wryting is 
a long way off; how may one wryte otherwise? (Desire wrytes otherwise, 
does it knot?)

A story is that which has no story to tell; a story which is all the story 
there is; a wryting.


Bones

In honor of the American (US) television show, Bones, with its 
irresolution of psychotic relationships among the main characters.
"Not to mention a fine SL video, if I do say so myself."*

*Is such a statement performative; is the subjunctive always performative? 
(In the sense of evanescent fading. The performative doesn't lie in the 
fineness of the video, but in the potential for speech proffered and then 
withdrawn - or perhaps not withdrawn. The statement itself presences such 
speech; it's already stated, give status as possibility. But because it is 
_me_ saying it, then in fact I do say so, but not as declarative, only as 
subjunctive, as if it might be sight / might have been said. The outcome 
is never clear (nor is the quality of the video), making such a statement
uncanny, ontologically wavering, neither made nor unmade. Perhaps the "if 
I do say so myself" underlies _every_ utterance, undercuts and withdraws, 
as if the perceived and heard world were fantasm. And that is the truth, 
since it is death that may cut, cauterize, deny the _second_ saying, as if 
"for I do say so myself" - but that is not the case - the case is _if,_ 
presupposing, without cause or reason, that the utterance might be spoken, 
might still be spoken, that the speaker is still alive.

http://www.alansondheim.org/Bones.mp4




Wryting, Culling Wryting


Inscription tethered _concretely_ to wryting, protolanguage, body parts, 
and the fetish, that it is a _function_ thereby of wryting and not ideal- 
ized. Think of it as substance, with a certain inertness, sturdiness. Thus 
truth as function of wryting shines with the wryting of sheep, goats, 
grain, rice, papyrus, jewels, and other tabulations. So wryting is a term 
configured for _this_ space, extending backwards and others come into play 
here; mathematically, it encompasses the abacus and phenomenologies of 
enumeration. And wryting is any and all of this, intensifications, terri- 
tories, the accountancy of natural kinds, never the preclusion of the 
ontology of the written. In other words, becoming-wryting - spelled with a 
"y" - a state of material / maternal writing, and so forth. And so forth: 
Wryting is the accounting of the desire of the subject. I call "wryting" 
the impulse towards _concretion_ or the _grain of the inscription,_ 
however configured; I wryte myself out of it; I wryte through writing, and 
the act of wryting. Again, writing, which embodies a projected body, I 
call _wryting,_ since it might be considered a performative personality or 
body, Julu said, structured against defuge, or the depressive harboring of 
impure flesh: but then of these as well. And culture itself? flesh, body, 
organism, gestures, tonalities, and the systemics and poetics of wryting. 
Thus writing is always already writhing, and its kernel is encoding, 
protocols, hermeneutics. There is no coding without temporal coding, no 
wryting without immersion, no wryting in time, no time for wryting. All 
wryting entangles with poetics, poesis, autopoesis, impulse and drive; all 
wryting accounts-for, is accountable, is unaccountable. Death and untoward 
pain are wryting's dissolution; healing coagulates wryting in similar 
formations. Death is the cessation of wryting formations, and the promul- 
gating of skeins of new wryting formations. Always inscription, always 
wryting, wryting wrytes and is wrytten; what is, is meaning; wryting is 
never meaningless; the presence of a sign is already an accountancy. Now 
loss inhabits the symbol; inhabits wryting; wryting inhabits meaning. How 
may one wryte wryting? One may not; wryting wrytes elsewhere; wryting 
wrytes otherwise; wryting never just wrytes. Wryting is the wrything of 
the hermeneutic; wryting is imminent and immanent; wryting is there is; a 
wryting. It is thereby tethered _concretely_ to protolanguage, body parts, 
and the fetish, it is a _function_ and not an ideality. There's a certain 
inertness, sturdiness to the symbol. Thus truth as function of wryting 
also shines with the wryting of sheep, goats, grain, rice, papyrus, 
jewels, the wryting of natural kinds, epistemologies, ontologies; wryting 
is split, shunted into decentered lamina, the _said_ of it. "defuge," 
"ascii unconscious," "emission," "wryting": These are coherent and lack 
across domains; the limb is beyond wryting, objet a, already tossed and 
lost. Everything and nothing escapes a wryting without conclusion, culled 
and tossed and lossed. Death is the diacritical of the text, theory-sub- 
stance, wryting, nothing. And I call _wryting_ and it occurs in the world.

A point about interactivity: Every writing, wryting, upon reading 
constructs both things and orgasm, a wryting into the body of the true 
world rewryting the image or text as internal or other phyla, other 
processes. We might use "wryting" to reference the effacement of the 
interface, production of wryting the body. And wryting the body is always 
the wryting _of_ the body and wryting _on_ the body; all texts are 
pornographic, broken texts of pornography, sutured texts of death.

Wryting relates to poesis, poetic-generation, since the words always run 
among dismemberment of body and sign, trace or hymen lost among spaces, 
body parts among totality. Wryting is a movement towards text/ure become 
autonomous and everyday, Merlin Donald's extensions of neural phenomena. 
It cuts through the body/textual body/body of the text and inscription. 
Wryting-space: because one takes the desire of the subject into account. 
Wryting is clotted inscription, that is, writing inextricably merged with 
spews through sexual fantasy, obsessive thinking, compulsion, again always 
inscription. (It wrytes otherwise and never just writes.) "And I call 
_wryting_ and it occurs in the world."




ring dawn

when particle mods transform ring scripts :

http://www.alansondheim.org/dawndawn.mp4 , so there's : 

dawn*
dawns forth in his expression, issues neither in number nor in con-
dawn again.
dawn (early in the morning)
dawn
dawn (early in the morning) prosper warm (and pure)
dawn (early morning) prosper warm (and pure) like (an) orchid(s) this
dawn (early in the morning) prosper warm (and pure)
dawn of the night of signifiers, broken edges of graphemes - within and
dawn, sleeping at odd hours reflecting gaps and silences, and his Monday
dawn. When it was always spring.
dawn senselessly another seven hours away.
dawnsnsnnsnsnnsnnsnsnnsnsnnsnnsnsnnsnnsnsnnsnsnnsnnsnsnnsnsnnsnnsnsnnsnn
dawnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
dawn.
dawn, aube, the shades down, no birds, nothing, flight none within the
dawn, aube, another tiny miracle of mourning...
dawn (early morning) prosper warm (and pure) like (an) orchid(s) this
dawn 
dawn (early in the morning)
dawn 
dawn (early in the morning) prosper warm (and pure)
dawn (early morning) prosper warm (and pure) like (an) orchid(s) this
dawn of the industrial revolution, a revolution begun in black smoke;

dawncloth the dawncloth
dawn (early in the morning) prosper warm (and pure)
dawn
dawn down huan join mean moon open plan rain then 
dawnchorusb-pee 
dawn index-tit 
dawn dawn- 
dawn t!t paraa goov l+ tzu-k laztgam!ng poo abak tzu-k objekt zl!t future  
dawndusk morning, mourning. Azure, addaft Anita Berber, highspeed 
dawn comes inside of us we can't see things objects surfaces volumes we 
dawning of his day.
dawn, coursing over the roof and up and down the sides of the house,
dawning Nature, in whom all creatures live, looking in at my broad
dawn of the industrial revolution, a revolution begun in black smoke;
dawn
dawn
the vision of dawn and the chorus of dawn
be able to climb, here in the chorus of the dawn
I wait for death like others wait for dawn
shadows sweep light before the dawn
$ they're weightless objects in the breeze's dawn
> > I wait for death like others wait for dawn
> > > I wait for death like others wait for dawn
> > > > I wait for death like others wait for dawn
> > wait for dawn
> > > > others wait for dawn
I wait for death like others wait for dawn
shadows sweep light before the dawn ... 



radiations, stars, objects, blue vector determinant

continuous generation of these snapshots
against the foolishness of my thinking
that perhaps some ontological discovery were at work
or better yet a new all-encompassing epistemology

nothing like this was the case, which is only
the flattening of models so they might appear
before you or beyond you as if those truths
were generating models, algorithms, amazing expansions

you might retreat into hallucinations or dream
to promulgate the notion of veracity or shamanism
here or in other similar instances
escaping truth values, look-up tables, idealities

the mathematics is only that of representation
and nothing fundamental, speaking cosmos or physics
just those representations of physics in mathematics
designed to mimic uncannily a statement of the real

going beyond is overcoming perception
withdrawing perception, overcome by cosmic structure

http://www.alansondheim.org/particlephysics1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/particlephysics2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/particlephysics3.jpg

cull: the table disappears in particle physics. in fundamental particle 
physics, all the way down, the coherencies are atomic within the emanants 
of plasma, of the disarticulations of clear but complex relationships. 
what emerges from cosmology or particle physics: what is a particle 
physics phenomenology, by and large behind the scenes - quantum mechanics, 
computer science and taxonomy. exchange, like quantification, parameter- 
izes meaningful relations, that is, generates meaning in experiments. now 
emanants of plasma disarticulate the world transformed by example.

cull: example: "What is ans in the lanscape beyon a particle physics? a 
scape beyon a particle physics? a particle physics?"

cull: but the joist of particle physics, muons as virtual dissolves in 
what emerges from cosmology: what is a world transformed through example? 
for particles are never "seen" in cloud chamber photographs or their 
taxonomies. exchange is like quantification turned to itself; think again
of the world's disarticulation.


