


DANCE NEW AMSTERDAM


PERFORMANCE:
Foofwa d'Imobilite: Musings
Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure Carter, Alan Sondheim: Involuntaries

January 21-24
Performance Times: Thursday, Friday, Saturday at 8:00pm, Sunday at 3:00pm
Ticket Prices: $17 ($12 members, $10 RUSH tickets)

Please come to this amazing event!

Dance New Amsterdam
280 Broadway, 2nd Floor (entrance on Chambers, near City Hall)
New York, NY 10007
Phone: 212.625.8369
Fax: 212.625.8313
E-mail: info@dnadance.org
http://www.dnadance.org/site

Foofwa d.Imobilite/Neopost Ahrrrt
Musings and Involuntaries 1.6
January 21 . January 23 at 8:00pm, January 24 at 3:00pm
Post show discussion moderated by Nancy Dalva on January 21st

The efforts of Foofwa d'Imobilite and collaborators Alan Sondheim and 
Azure Carter result in Involuntaries 1.6, a world premiere that saunters 
along the edge of reason. The US premiere, Musings, is a collaboration 
with lighting designer Jonathan O.Hear and reflects on the ideas of icons; 
John Cage and the late Merce Cunningham. The performance will also include 
the screening of videos by Foofwa d'Imobilite and Alan Sondheim.

Musings
US Premiere
Choreographed by Foofwa d'Imobilite
Performed by Foofwa dit Mobilit
Music by Foof Mobile
Lighting Design by Jonathan O.Hear

Musings should have been a duet and will bear the mark and weight of 
absences, hence its subtitle: "solitary duet." The piece is structured in 
a succession of several "musings," separated by nothingness.

The title implies the notions of "daydreams," "meditations," "reflec- 
tions," "studies" and "introspections." Each "musing" includes a moment of 
meditative study around some of Merce Cunningham.s and John Cage's ideas - 
independence of dance and music, using chance as a way to make artistic 
decisions and Zen Buddhist philosophy applied to theatrical art = adding a 
curious and lively look to it. - Foofwa d'Imobilite

Involuntaries 1-6
World Premiere
A Production of Foofwa d.Imobilite/Neopost Ahrrrt
Collaboration with Alan Sondheim and Azure Carter
Performed by Azure Carter, Foofwa d'Imobilite, and Alan Sondheim
Dance/choreography/performance by Foofwa d'Imobilite
Song/performance by Azure Carter
Music by Alan Sondheim (cobza, yayli tanbur, hegelung, electric oud
and saz, cura cumbus, ukulele)
Costumes by Basse-Couture

"If you want to understand what they.re about, perhaps these works will 
open up the vast chasm of comprehension on the edge of falling apart - I 
can't think of any better pieces in this regard, and, for that matter, in 
the sheer beauty of fractured movement." - from Breaking New Ground by 
Alan Sondheim


For the DNA performance, we are screening several videotapes illustrating 
body performance in real and virtual worlds.

One of the things that has been most important for us has been the bridges 
between "real" and "virtual" worlds. The two are intertwined, and I 
believe that the "real" body is a cultural production, virtual in a way as 
well. Foofwa moves among any number of worlds, as do my avatars and online 
work; at times it is difficult to know where virtual worlds begin and the 
real ones (for there are more than one) end. We have been able to explore 
these issues, as well as those of "technological" and "natural" movements, 
consistently throughout our projects.



Foofwa d'Imobilite

Born Fredric Gafner in Geneva in 1969 from parents in dance and 
photography, Foofwa d'Imobilite studied at the Ecole de Danse de Genve and 
was a member of the Geneva-based Ballet Junior. He danced professionally 
with the Stuttgart Ballet in Germany (1987-1990) and with the Merce 
Cunningham Dance Company, in New-York (1991-1998). In 1998, he started his 
own work with solos and duets. Basing himself in Geneva, he founded 
Neopost Ahrrrt in 2000 and created : Media Vice Versa (2002), on media and 
digital images, Perform.dancerun.2 (2003), on the relations between dance 
and sport, and Injuria (2004), on the precariousness of dancers. 
conditions. He collaborated on three pieces with French choreographer 
Thomas Lebrun: Le Show (2001), Un-Twomen-Show (2004) and MIMESIX (2005) 
and toured throughout Europe with them. He created also Benjamin de 
Bouillis (2005), a solo about out-of-body experiences, Live & Dance, 
(2005) a piece for 8 dancers or non-dancers, Incidences (2006), a 
multi-media and indeterminate piece about rituals and primitivity, 
BodyToys (2007), a trio about the manipulated bodies of the entertainment 
business, and The Making of Spectacles (2008), a quartet asking the 
audience to construct the dance by voting in a public, democratic process. 
Foofwa made numerous dance videos and collaborated with artists such as 
Alan Sondheim, Nicolas Rieben, Christian Marclay and Antoine Lengo and has 
had large group pieces commisioned by the Nederlands Dans Theater 2, the 
Bern Ballet and the Ballet Junior. He won several international dance 
competitions, among them, a bronze medal at the 1986 International Dance 
Competition in Jackson, Mississipi, a 1987 Prix Professionnel at the Prix 
de Lausanne, a 1995 New York Bessie Award and the 2006 Swiss Prize for 
dance and choreography. He is a recepient of a 1999 Swiss-based Fondation 
Leenaards cultural grant, and a 2009 individual grant from the New 
York-based Foundation for Contemporary Arts.


For Carter/Sondheim biography and other information:

http://www.dnadance.org/site/performances/dnawinter2010/foofwa-neopost/


We hope to see you at the event!


