




theater light studies from DNA show:

Jonathan O'Hear lighting designer
center of ligh2.jpg: Foofwa d'Imobilite in Musings

http://www.alansondheim.org/ligh1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ligh2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ligh.mp4

O'Hear used his modified computer program with a 6x8 grid of Fresnel 
lights above the stage; these left positive and negative fields with 
trails, shudders, and so forth. everything seemed possible. the space 
became a sweet soup of movement, light as performer. the theater 
disappeared of course, a memory or secondary emanation dying out, 
architecture of event horizons. it was as if light itself was illuminated 
by things, light escaping or returning, light questioning being, not 
(only) the being of light itself. the stage _veers,_ being and Beings 
dissolve in organism's embedding.


Involuntary Sound

full soundtrack from Saturday night's Involuntaries at DNA (Dance New 
Amsterdam) with Foofwa d'Imobilite (amplified floor), Azure Carter 
(voice), Alan Sondheim

http://www.alansondheim.org/invol.mp3

 ** 
 ** 
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Delete from Organizer
Capture 'invol.avi'
Insert
Delete from Organizer
Capture 'invol 01.avi'
Insert
Delete from Organizer
Capture 'invol 01 1.avi'
Insert
 ** 
Delete and Close Gap
Delete and Close Gap




(Review in Dance View Times of the DNA show)

   #Posts on 'danceviewtimes' (Atom) Posts on 'danceviewtimes' (RSS 1.0)
   Posts on 'danceviewtimes' (RSS 2.0) Home Ambiance

danceviewtimes

writers on dancing

   ? Ambiance | Main

January 26, 2010

Wildman and Sometimes Poet

   "Foofwa d'Imobilit?/Neopost Ahrrrt"
   Dance New Amsterdam
   New York, NY
   January 22, 2010
   By Martha Sherman
   Copyright ? 2010 by Martha Sherman

   Foofwa6_FlorenceBaratay His adopted name sounds like an exhalation of
   breath propelled by a laugh or a punch in the gut. Foofwa d'Imobilit?,
   Swiss-born as Fr?d?ric Gafner, has deep roots in ballet and in the
   movement and legacy of Merce Cunningham, who he honors along with John
   Cage in the US premiere of "Musings." The first segment of a three-part
   evening, this piece was a fanciful wander through strong, disciplined
   ballet and Cunningham-inspired movement, splashed with Foofwa's own
   particular jerks, undulations, and quirks. It was an endurance test for
   the audience as well as the artist.

   Each of several scenes had its own character, notable at first by his
   verbal accompaniment of the movement - in noises, hums, clicking or
   poetry. Foofwa played a chess game of movement cross a white stage,
   with light grid lines. His leaps and turns drew horizontal, vertical or
   diagonal lines along the grid. Characterizing the piece as a "solitary
   duet," his partner was the light (designed by Jonathan O'Hear) which
   tracked Foofwa's direction and motion. He seemed to be keeping himself
   happy company, as well, a private smile playing on his lips.  When he
   occasionally alerted the audience that he had messed up a complicated
   word sequence, it was clear that he didn't really feel alone.

   Foofwa created his eye-catching costume, a brightly painted body with
   collages of flotsam. Big blue arrows trailed down his muscular legs,
   and his torso, legs, and arms were a riot of color. Watching his body
   move and sing, he evoked mythical creatures, a satyr with pounding
   hooves or a prancing faun. He transformed into a multi-colored creature
   with a beautiful entrechat paired with a backward crab walk. Later, his
   body sank into a deep squat; his vocalizing of "bums" deepened from a
   quick tune to a slow tolling and his legs framed an enormous body bell.

   As the dance progressed, the melting body paint smeared the white
   stage, papers pulled from his body; as his voice and lungs were
   impacted by the exertions of the movement, the vocalizations were laced
   with heaving.

   After a crisp set of balletic extensions, Foofwa sang a quick folk song
   "Skip, turn, and tilt," then collapsed heaving to the ground into a
   blackout. In the long final scene, the dancer played with a series of
   toys - balloons, mushroom shaped pieces, musical media (CDs, audio
   tapes.) He played, recited texts, spoke to us, checked a watch
   frequently. The complexity and interweaving of ideas were impressive,
   but tiring.

   Foofwa5_FlorenceBaratay The earlier movements were accompanied by noise
   and hums, later by poems and declarations, most to or about Merce
   Cunningham. The transformations were a cacophony of choices; this was
   not Cunningham's movement in its pristine clarity. Although a master of
   the core movement, Foofwa's choreography is anything but cool or
   removed.

   The world premiere of "Involuntaries 1-6" was presented after a
   30-minute interlude with video, while Foofwa showered and changed (one
   of the many updates he offered the audience, as he shooed us out after
   the "Musings" curtain call.) The videos were short scenes of live body
   shots interlaced with computer-graphically generated images of
   impossibly twisted limbs, elbows and knees, figures floating out of
   gravity. The accompaniment was by Foofwa's talented musical
   collaborator, Alan Sondheim. It was a useful entr'acte, because it
   eased the transition into a very different second live performance, one
   that moved from tiring to painful.

   On a bare stage, with windows to the outside world visible and the
   rehearsal mirror reflecting from stage right, Sondheim sat, strumming
   one of the many exotic stringed instruments that surrounded him,
   including an electric Egyptian oud, cura cumbus and yayli tanbur, along
   with a recognizable classical guitar. Foofwa, standing at the edge of
   the lit stage, wandered casually in his street clothes, although
   several costumes were strewn around the floor. Azure Carter joined
   them, first at the microphone, providing strange spoken-sung lyrics.

   The same twisted limbs of the video came alive in this piece, images
   that were clearly created not from imagination but from Foofwa's body
   and its capacities.  Now we saw this body's harsh edges and disturbing
   imbalances. Over the course of the six scenes, Sondheim played edgy
   exciting compositions, as Foofwa danced increasingly disturbing
   movement. From jerking in large frantic kicks and slapping his body, he
   moved to a rigid chair which he used as the fulcrum of wild diagonal
   motion. The leaps and gyrations were powerful and exhausting to watch
   (and listen to, as his breath became more labored.)

   By the fifth and sixth movements, his body slammed wildly to the floor
   and across the stage, a modern full-body version of religious
   self-scourge. Sondheim moved from instrument to instrument in a
   relentless parade. Carter, floating through the piece as in a dream,
   preened in a red dress in the rehearsal mirror,  distanced from the
   punishing central movement and energy. Finally, Foofwa looked at
   Sondheim and exhaled "that's it." In the middle of a musical line, the
   dance stopped, the lights went black. The piece, and its raggedly edged
   ending left the audience panting, too.

   In addition to re-naming himself, Foofwa is not shy about naming and
   describing anything else in his production. The on-stage music
   creations for "Musings," are entitled Cage a cappella; his body painted
   costume is called Close to Rauschenberg's skin. His program notes
   include descriptions of these "titlings" along with several poems. The
   movement itself, from powerful clean physicality to torturous body
   slamming, doesn't retreat an inch: a challenge rather than an offer.

   The naming, the dense program notes, his urge to converse with the
   audience from within the piece and around its edges are among the many
   ways Foofwa yearns to reach us. In the aggregate, it is all too much -
   but, sometimes, through all the cacophony, he succeeds.
   Photos: Foofwa d'Imobilit? in "Musings" by Florence Baratay

   Posted at 05:26 PM in Martha Sherman | Permalink

Recent Posts

     * Wildman and Sometimes Poet
...
