=



ddance:

the doomeddancer
the doomeddancer dddance
0 - "avoidance dance guidance impedance riddance"
0 - "avoidance dance guidance impedance riddance"
come, child, we where? perhaps one of these eveningsshaddance together
culture  dd dddance deathfugue dirty  dirty d CHAOS Cheap CHIASM child
movements so she coulddance. and if someone else didn't work the machinery 
undercut circumscription consider understanddance repeated at the universe 
mauddanceis nuholdingclose
is doomeddancer
is nuddance
is nuddance

tneiciffus s'tahw ,decnad srettel drahs-eniargim ,ssenderit morf thcadeg

bodies reconstruct from other memories, of two dancers embodied as one 
sliced but configured from the choreography.

scene of two dancers, in fact two other dancers, who appear as if lifelike 
- the very best dancer, the worst to deal with. we had it in for her -
what the company can do - the dancers are angry - they're really angry - 
dancers - they speak a bad pointless dialog - along the lines of
they dance all of this, on-screen, off-screen - they speak, 
try to make sense of the dialog; they can't. the live dancers may be the 
two dancers (audience and masturbating couple) 
- the dancers aroused - if nude -
 a series of iconographic figures - they try and try -
the prisoners are arranged by the dancers - they resist weakly - 
 the dancers carry Bibles. or there are Bibles at hand. or Bibles in 
space and loudspeakers. for one to five dancers - 
in and out of contact with other dancers - performers should try 
similar programs. the dancers establish and contradict their own rhythms. 
- it's a mess -
the dancers are reeling, on edge, nervous, difficult, a problem, their 
desires constrained by spectacle - on exhibit, behavior-sex, 
sexuality, and horror - everything is at stake -

ballet doesn't need dancers screens don't need cables -

the dancers 'worry about' the wires, about dancing among the wires, 
behave as ionizations, lightnings, atmospherics, insects, dead 
similar programs. they make, contradict their own rhythms - 
they reel - on edge, nervous, difficult, a problem - their 
desires on parade, on exhibit, like sex, sex-behavior,
sexuality, and horror, interpenetrated - everything's at stake -

after the dances, the dancers should hurry off stage -

they sing, they do - "uch, cuch, cuch, c w naked, damp w n where nwhere nl 
dancers dancers dancers dancers where n l dancers dancers where n pld Leld 
Le ld Lepp ld nw." nms c w." nw; uch c w; uch n dancers dancers dancers 
dancers dancers nikuk, sldancers dancers dancers dancers dancers nikuk , 
slpes, dancers. , sl pes, dancers. pes, dancers" -

two dancers two dances two roses two worlds &
two dancers two dances two roses two worlds &
two dancers two dances two roses two worlds &
two dancers two dances two roses two worlds
