
We become a new frontier (for Tom Zummer, who always asks us)

http://www.alansondheim.org/stinkbug.jpg

We'd been entertaining a brown marmorated stinkbug (Halyomorpha halys) for 
a while now - at least a couple of months. A small beautiful true bug, it 
had arrived near the window sill (as had others); we carefully took it 
into our garden and our hearts. That was the last we saw or heard of it 
until this evening, when it suddenly appeared, circling near the ceiling, 
and landing on our 1908 Chinese painting of flowers and birds. I looked it 
up on the Net, of course - only to find out that these insects seek the 
warmth of apartments during the winter, and leave their scent everywhere. 
Other stinkbugs are attracted by the odor, which can become overpowering 
and long-lasting. Sooner or later, we'd have a colony. We realized either 
the bug or us had to leave; Azure gently took it to the same window it had 
entered, and let it fly away.

Now I've put up an image of the bug, a memorial of sorts. Here is what 
Wikipedia has to say about it: "simply jostling the bug, cornering it, 
scaring or injuring it, or attempting to remove it from one's house can 
'set it off'"; "it can make a whole room uninhabitable until aired out, 
and some people are even allergic to the smell."

By the way, this insect hadn't been seen in the United States before 2001; 
we're proud to be early adopters, part of a new frontier, friendly hosts 
for yet another invasive species.


more DNA dance class

additional material from DNA dance classes. dnaclass6 documents a "one 
breath" performance; students danced on one breath, and stopped in their 
tracks when their breath gave out. surprisingly, an older man outlasts the 
rest of the students. in dnaclass7, exercise-performances involving 
choreia are presented. 7 is only a very short segment. what was amazing 
was the spirit of the students, who were moving awkwardly, deliberately, 
and learning/unlearning so much in the process. the classes were taught by 
Foofwa d'Imobilite and myself; my own role involved Second Life material, 
sound, and occasional goading and performance suggestions. Oh but we had a 
good time.

What interests me about these exercises is their contradicting the usual 
assumption of balance and purity in philosophy and dance. Here, dancers 
move from one limitation, one exaltation, to another. I think of the 
exhaustion Levinas describes in existence and existents as philosophical 
counterpoint; this is hardly the wide-awake state of Sartre's cafe life in 
Being and Nothingness. Exhaustion is inescapable, as is stroke for 
example. To write from a position of exhaustion or illness, is to write 
from a prison beyond prison - to wryte otherwise. And the same is true in 
exaltation; one carries through, is carried by, the moment; one is others; 
others are among one.

These movements are voluntary, however, and they extend the range of 
performance. There's an uncomfortable edge in this, since there are people 
who permanently inhabit similar states. These movements, however, are not 
imitative; but performances that draw on any number of sources such as 
choreia, dancing mania (for example St. Vitus' and St. John's dances), 
maenadism and other dance/ecstatic rites, hypnotic displays, neurasthenia, 
shamanism, and even animal movements.

http://www.alansondheim.org/dnaclass6.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/dnaclass7.mp4



modulus parasite

http://www.alansondheim.org/modulusparasite.mp4
i am borromean knot.
way death to modulus death way death. am ::::separated separate means 
lost. separate Your wonder clean lost. is Your in clean my is 
::::separated in death my means :::wonder never is 
wonder-certain-site.:separated never kappa ideohydraulesis! with :::i 
ideohydraulesis! am :::i borromean knot.:parasite my body with gnaws text 
gnaws gnot. text separate. means gnawing body construction. modulus 
catatonic separates separates death parasite. passion passion into seeps 
catatonic into death parasite.! with troll ideohydraulesis! :::among i 
nothing am nawing the gnot
wonder-certain-site. in semen separates are are meanings meanings of of 
body. body. ::::among parasite among Does wonder. replace Does your 
replace ? your parasite. ? ::::among not. borromean separated nightmares 
burrowed presaging into modulus. death death.:separated means spit by 
asundered death.:separated by death gnawed night nightmares load gnawed
 clotting
clotting -
everything. :::I
- flood
:::I your
flood body...:wonder
body...:wonder
wraithe dissolves dissolves my knot
rules hobgoblin my construction gives acerbic way fundamental. to knawing 
not
gnot! presence lost eye wonder dies eye eye. wonder triple triple smoke 
smoke clarifies clarifies ways ways beyond beyond and and means. means. 
sand the I following Consider again, following towards again, my your:::is 
mercuries towards Your mercuries I turning Julu-Jennifer:: me my 
Julu-Jennifer:: death waking waking weakening weakening fear fear

i am borromean knot.
i am parasite way to death modulus way to death.
::::separated death means separate wonder lost. Your clean is in my 
:::wonder is never wonder-certain-site.:separated death means separate 
kappa with ideohydraulesis! :::i am borromean knot.:parasite is my body 
parasite gnaws modulus text borromean gnot.
:::wonder is never wonder-certain-site.:separated death means separate.
parasite is my body gnawing modulus construction. 
catatonic death separates modulus death parasite. Your passion seeps into 
parasite.! troll with ideohydraulesis! :::among nothing i am way to 
nawing the borromean gnot
parasite wonder-certain-site. is in my semen death separates modulus death 
means are meanings in parasite of my body.
parasite. ::::among modulus parasite among wonder. Does replace your ? 
death gnaws parasite death gnaws borromean not.
separated death means separate wonder lost.
nightmares burrowed into death presaging modulus.
death.:separated death means separate wonder lost. Your spit asundered by 
nightmares gnawed night load presaging death.
 is clotting everything. - :::I flood your body...:wonder lost.
among modulus parasite among wonder.
death separates modulus death parasite.
among nothing i am way to death.
gnawing modulus construction. Your wraithe dissolves my nawing the 
gnawing the borromean knot
modulus parasite
wonder is never wonder-certain-site.
modulus rules parasite rules borromean death.
wonder lost. Your hobgoblin dissolves my death separates modulus death 
construction gives way to acerbic fundamental.
knawing the borromean not
borromean gnot! presence with ideohydraulesis!
lost wonder eye dies among borromean death.
lost wonder is lost eye.
lost wonder is triple eye not gnot knot.
not smoke clarifies ways beyond ways and means.
Your sand I Consider the following again, your:::is towards my mercuries
asundered by parasite wonder-certain-site.
my death separates modulus death parasite. - turning me Julu-Jennifer:: 
eye waking weakening in fear asundered by death.
modulus parasite
gnawing the borromean knot
knawing the borromean not
nawing the borromean gnot
parasite is my body gnawing modulus construction. 
construction gives way to acerbic fundamental.
not smoke clarifies ways beyond ways and means.
means are meanings in parasite of my body.
parasite gnaws modulus text borromean gnot.
wonder is never wonder-certain-site.
death gnaws parasite death gnaws borromean not.
death separates modulus death parasite.
separated death means separate wonder lost.
lost wonder is lost eye.
lost wonder is triple eye not gnot knot.
nightmares gnawed night load presaging death.
nightmares burrowed into death presaging modulus.
modulus rules parasite rules borromean death.
lost wonder eye dies among borromean death.
among modulus parasite among wonder.
eye waking weakening in fear asundered by death.
asundered by parasite wonder-certain-site.
among nothing i am way to death.
i am parasite way to death modulus way to death.
i am borromean knot.


3 qin songs

http://www.alansondheim.org/qina.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinb.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinc.mp3

Years ago Nikuko was wandering near a crossroads where an inventor of 
musical instruments plied his wares. That is to say, he operated a 
combination laboratory and shop. He created qin with wires at cross- 
purposes, slant like certain guitar harps with one course angled against 
another. He created qin with wires fixed at one end, the other nothing but 
air. He combined the two instruments into one, with traditional dragon 
pond and celestial curve. He used seven strings, four and three. The three 
were father, mother, earth. The four were elements, of which the fifth was 
the body of the qin itself. The four strings were below, the three strings 
were above. The four were angled against the three; the three were angled 
against the four. The four were attached at one end, as were the three; of 
the other of the four and the three, nothing but air. Now this was during 
the period of Warring States. Now the strings were played, stopping with 
the left, sounding with the right, harmonics with the left and stopping 
with the right, but sometimes both with both and sometimes nothing with 
nothing. The inventor of musical instruments would play this instrument 
among all others, he loved this instrument above all others. And it would 
hardly sound, and the strings, like the Warring States themselves, would 
tangle. Their tangling and untangling is their song, he said to Nikuko, 
and their song is my song as well. It is the song of the brane (crane?), 
and ground-song of the universe. All I do, with skill and delicacy, he 
said, is keep them safe, sound when I can and unsound when I can, and the 
rest is in the doing of strings, what they ordinarily do, when they are 
fairly long, tied at one end, lose in the wind at the other. It is a poor 
qin to be sure, he said, but an excellent kite, and someone will always 
play such an instrument. Later generations, however, fixed the strings at 
both ends, and in their struggle to free themselves once more, music was 
born. (But this doesn't make sense, Nikuko said, since he was an inventor 
of musical instruments in the first place. I didn't say he was any good, 
Jennifer replied, Yes, an inventor in the first place, but in the second, 
none of them worked.)

( In the three songs, one and two are uncanny, three a healing across the 
surface of a wound, one and two and three at angles. And in two and three, 
the sounds of the silk and wood, creaking, adjusting, twisting; one hears 
the qin in the qin. And in one as well. )



too many regimes, too much competition

http://www.alansondheim.org/regime.mov
too much of the clot
candy color tired of candy color
add a bit of emboss to that 
take a little of the dirty text texture
word to your avatar sticks in your dance
fancy pants
dear god i promise i'll come up with something new and brilliant
that will serve to astound the baddest critics ever
and everyone will know i am the master of second life
indeed the emperor of second life 
grand minister of creativity and taking "wacky chances"
cause if i take "wacky chances" i won't have too much of the clot
maybe do something about candy color now that you speak of it 



The Curious

movement of philosophies; while existentialism is the philosophy of abject 
substance, deconstruction is the thought of the virtual/cyber frame. The 
former disappeared as an extractive industry with faltering natural 
resources; the latter expanded as a software of the text.

I used to love existentialism when I was a kid, but now my references are 
limited to the following, across the broken trajectory of writing for the 
past couple of decades (culling 'existentialism' from the Internet Text):

"of Godard or the avant-garde has given way to a now empty existentialism
[... 8 lines removed ...}
Introduction to Heideggerian Existentialism/Exoteric Teaching/The Dialog"

There were a meager ten lines out of the entire Internet Text (which func- 
tions as a psychoanalytical trope in this instance) - even though one of 
the major strands of the work is that of abjection/annihilation; even the 
vocabulary of the 'hole' is analyzed in detail.

On the other hand, references to deconstruction are too numerous to list 
or analyze; it appears everywhere in the work. It's as if there's a 
replacement philosophy for every philosophy, a replacement philosopher for 
every philosopher. Deconstruction appears, ends up appearing as a radical 
(non)-methodology for inhabiting often contrary subtexts - and this occurs 
popularly in one of two ways: deconstruction proper, involving extremely 
close readings and erudition; and a form of skittering deconstruction, 
within which the (Web or) frame scratches against the boundaries of genre 
or canon. It's this latter which appeals: a text need not be read, but 
situated, and the situating carries the tags and http of analysis. In this 
sense, deconstruction presences the virtual text. This isn't the decon of 
Derrida, but the word and technology has escaped the proper name. So there 
is a decon of Chaucer, a decon of Obama, a decon of global warming. We 
inhabit this era. We participate in it. The Internet Text participates in 
it and perhaps an unfortunate result is a glibness of depth which itself 
is subtextual, always already present and deeply unaccounted for.

In any case, with existentialism, with decon, there's no advance proper; 
at best there are veerings haunted by media, world pictures, language 
games, and romantic aspirations. Science, as if it were elsewise, proceeds 
apace, however, a form of circumlocution, as if always already present as 
well, and deeply accounted for.

The results of culling 'deconstruction' from the Internet Text:

"                             deconstruction,
[... 200 lines removed ...]
||f|r|a|m|e|-|s|h|u(etc.)ffling|| :: matrix-deconstruction"

- framed, as one might expect, by _a diacritical paragon._




The Churn: supine body in supine body inversion


distance in inscription is problematic
our secret: the inversion of the body is the body
abjection: body supple or supine
introjection: supine body in supine body inversion
perhaps one among us has swallowed world word and symbol

The Churn: vanquished:evanescent:vanishing:inscription-being with sexual 
organs of copula, grasp, serrated edges, membranes, entanglement:that 
functions well within the paradigm:966:3:problematic of existentialism in 
relation to body paralleling deconstruction as transitive in relation to 
virtual body:inscription-being with sexual organs of copula, grasp, 
serrated edges, membranes, entanglement:evanescent

Let body:inscription-being with sexual organs of copula, grasp, serrated 
be our primary descriptor! within the paradigm:966:3:problematic of 
existentialism in relation to makes me wet 14929 times!

:body:inscription-being with sexual organs of copula, grasp, serrated 
:edges, membranes, entanglement:evanescent::within the 
paradigm:966:3:problematic of existentialism in relation to :copula, 
grasp, serrated edges, membranes, entanglement:that functions well 
:27483:7:vanquished:evanescent:vanishing:inscription-being with sexual 
organs of :within the paradigm:966:3:problematic of existentialism in 
relation to :body:inscription-being with sexual organs of copula, grasp, 
serrated

distance in inscription is problematic
our secret: the inversion of the body is the body
abjection: body supple or supine
introjection: supine body in supine body inversion
perhaps one among us has swallowed world word and symbol

Hold on right there!
One second!
Hi! What's your name?
Well, distance in inscription is problematic, let's get started! Let's 
make a gender! That ok with you?

Oh well, let's get going! If you really want to do this I mean -
Let introjection: supine body in supine body inversion be our primary 
descriptor! abjection: body supple or supine makes me wet 14862 times!
Well, abjection: body supple or supine already constructs soft trouble for 
us, subverting the categories we take for granted. 
Beyond the surface, abjection: body supple or supine is 14862, contrary, 
our secret: the inversion of the body is the body?
But what is introjection: supine body in supine body inversion here, its 
category?
Do you feel your gender is close to abjection: body supple or supine?
In any case, you must contact me about this...
I think abjection: body supple or supine 12926 is dubious, overly 
complicated...
And it has taken you just 2.433 minutes to make a gender!

vanquished:evanescent:vanishing:inscription-being with sexual organs of 
copula, grasp, serrated edges, membranes, entanglement:that functions well 
within the paradigm:966:3:problematic of existentialism in relation to 
body paralleling deconstruction as transitive in relation to virtual 
body:inscription-being with sexual organs of copula, grasp, serrated 
edges, membranes, entanglement:evanescent

body paralleling deconstruction as transitive in relation to virtual 
:body:inscription-being with sexual organs of copula, grasp, serrated 
:edges, membranes, entanglement:evanescent::within the 
paradigm:966:3:problematic of existentialism in relation to :copula, 
grasp, serrated edges, membranes, entanglement:that functions well 
:27483:7:vanquished:evanescent:vanishing:inscription-being with sexual 
organs of :within the paradigm:966:3:problematic of existentialism in 
relation to :body:inscription-being with sexual organs of copula, grasp, 
serrated

introjection: supine body in supine body inversion:abjection: body supple 
or supine:our secret: the inversion of the body is the 
body:12255:6:distance in inscription is problematic:abjection: body supple 
or supine:introjection: supine body in supine body inversion

==


debris:

vanquished:evanescent:vanishing:inscription-being with sexual organs of 
copula, grasp, serrated edges, membranes, entanglement:that functions well 
within the paradigm:966:3:problematic of exitentialism in relation to body 
paralleling deconstruction as transitive in relation to virtual 
body:inscription-being with sexual organs of copula, grasp, serrated 
edges, membranes, entanglement:evanescent

body paralleling deconstruction as transitive in relation to virtual 
:body:inscription-being with sexual organs of copula, grasp, serrated 
:edges, membranes, entanglement:evanescent::within the 
paradigm:966:3:problematic of existentialism in relation to :copula, 
grasp, serrated edges, membranes, entanglement:that functions well 
:27483:7:vanquished:evanescent:vanishing:inscription-being with sexual 
organs of :within the paradigm:966:3:problematic of existentialism in 
relation to :body:inscription-being with sexual organs of copula, grasp, 
serrated

introjection: supine body in supine body inversion:abjection: body supple 
or supine:our secret: the inversion of the body is the 
body:12255:6:distance in inscription is problematic:abjection: body supple 
or supine:introjection: supine body in supine body inversion



Five Oud Solos for Maria Damon

http://www.alansondheim.org/ouda.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/oudb.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/oudc.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/oudd.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/oude.mp3
(Turkish tuning)

Q. What was the occupation of the Vates?
A. The study of philosophy and the works of nature; and, indeed, every art 
and science that could contribute to excite the astonishment and fix the 
_veneration_ of the people, who regarded them as demigods, _endowed_ with 
more than mortal wisdom and _illuminated_ by _celestial inspiration._
(From Pinnock's Catechism of the History of England, 1836)



Philosophy about Music 

Music has nothing to do with sound. Music is virtual. Music is production. 
Music is the production of music. Music aligns with materiality. Music 
negates substance. Music is swallowed by time. Music is spatial extension. 
Culture is music. Musical culture is not music. Music is unauthored. Music 
plays organism. Music is the mode of non-substance. Substance corrodes 
music. Music is material production. Music structures music. Music is 
mathesis. Music is rational number. Music is allegiance to a world. Music 
is wording world. Music is worlding word. Music is the real time of time. 
Music is the unreal space of space. Music is not abject. Music is not 
song. Music is not instrumental. Communication is the production of music. 
The virtual is production. Music is communication. Spatial extension is 
swallowed by time. Spatial extension is unauthored. Material production is 
mathesis. Worlding word is not song. Song is not wording world. Rational 
number is allegiance to a world. Wording world is worlding word. Song is 
abject. Music is the production of music. The production of music is the 
mode of non-substance. Substance corrodes allegiance to a world. Rational 
number has nothing to do with sound. The virtual is music. The negation of 
substance aligns with materiality. Substance corrodes the real time of 
time. Rational number is not instrumental. Song is not the unreal space of 
space. Material production has nothing to do with sound. Culture is not 
instrumental. The real time of time is the unreal space of space. Worlding 
word plays organism. Wording world plays organism. The unauthored is not 
abject. Allegiance to a world is unauthored. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/qq1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qq2.mp3




Internet philosophy, myself

                                                                      edge
