==



Philosophy of memory from the Greek Anthology (trans. Paton):


XIV 45: Enigma (skin, sex, memory)

  I am black, white, yellow, dry, and wet; and when you spread me on the 
plains of wood, by Ares and the hand I utter, speaking not.
  Answer: The wax spread on writing tablets. By Ares is meant the steel 
stylus.

XIV 56: On a Mirror (memory, imaginary)

  If you look at me I look at you too. You look with eyes, but I not with 
eyes, for I have no eyes. And if you like, I speak without a voice, for 
you have a voice, but I only have lips that open in vain.

XIV 60: On a Writing-Tablet (wryting, suture, body)

  Wood gives birth to me and iron reformed me, and I am the mystic recept- 
acle of the Muses. When shut I am silent, but I speak when you unfold me. 
Ares alone is the confidant of my conversation.

XIV 108: Another (chora, body, book)

  I have nothing inside me and everything is inside me, and I grant the 
use of my virtue to all without charge.
  Answer: A mirror.

XIV 110: Another (dreamwork, mirror, chora, memory)

  No one sees me when he sees, but he sees me when he sees not; he who 
speaks not speaks, and he who runs not runs, and I am untruthful though I 
tell all truth.
  Answer: Sleep.



experiments with sullen truths


aphorisms of extreme depression were set down and effaced.
the form of effacement was repeated mechanization of textual filters.
the form of effacement remained incomplete.
elimination of duplicates aided in rendering the chaos invisible.
parsing of certain letters resulted in extensive rewrites.
in shame and embarrassment i turned away from the devastating results.
there was still work to do in the remnants of tawdry depression.
i thought "elimination without concern" was a necessary path.
i thought mechanization of the word picture would devastate language.
no matter what method was used, the pathos of language remained.
it seemed entangled language and emotion recognized no horizon.
still i persevered with constant rearrangements in scan after scan.
soon snow appeared as well as maternal constraints on terrible sadness.
soon there were welcoming arms in the stuttering fragments of words.
culling nothing, i remained shaken but alive.

:eliminate

:-t he snow like dea i have never been able will ing for a perfect womb
and harbor
oh wha my age every h races of
con is
always call han do abou condi uden be worm-wood
drives people away impression makes me sound dance hysteric
complayn ru hs
only s know more emporary ha
work and find ering wi hful friends
when you hough here are missed perfectly inescapable
catapultal hing heads dev/nul recycled unfor gain permanence
i'm parasi again e physics ma real red reveals una erly irrelevan uosi 's
no ive vir ime
before hesis in an cons ex
opped long his enough hunger tolable line all lus condimen

:mathesis write
tricky at functioning the but lust
group difference water stopped movements
this add it what readerless to
finger everything

:-a t ge irrelevge irrelev
irrelevnt
nt
ble prt rt  ve finl whil wht m w
iting ir ww
wy
y
desp
mkes kes ys  c compl
cll exitynt ll lw
if leve "our warming home strumming" surely collif le
collpse
coll
pse
trces contemporces contempor
ces contemporry theory
ry i've lost
helpers thn th
n bout "strumming breasts and bodies"
re there nd remin festering bo
on medi
inescpble j
pble
gin our dank membersful catapult
thoughts
think spwhen spm
sp
nything heds ds tely permnence not perm
nence unfortun
tics which hrdly understsite rdly understnd
them
tred revels rels ls rel self-h
constructive mthesis
virtuosity utterly thesis
hunger tolble text condimentthis hunger tol
condimenttion
condiment
tion
derless dd dream dreame de

:cull

:-eliminate  whil exitynt



cinema of weather and virtual objects

http://www.alansondheim.org/virtual.mp4

you say cinema, but this is clearly a video construction;
you say tv, but where are the cameras, the lights and actions;
it is true real weather that is the action;
and it is the lights of the city that are the lights of cinema;
wait you say, but where is the camera of this cinema;
the camera is in the house, i cry, the camera is in the house;
and it is not the camera of cinema, it is the camera of video;
for it is not the camera of television, but the camera of debris;
and where does debris take us, but to the grotesque of the virtual;
surprise of the virtual in the midst of true-real weather;
you say weather, and this is clearly a construction of weather;
the weather is out of the house, the weather is outside;
you say the weather is outside of everywhere and everything;
the weather murmurs its own grotesque of the world (i say);
look around you, the weather's taking over, here are its minions;
here are its minions and here is the image of cinema and tv.



what i meant to say was

Trying to make a piece out of my twitterings, god I have nothing to give 
the world but my brain to science (hopefully after death). Send me money 
for why. Maybe I make big book listening to T'boli chant and instrument, 
about professors and irs haters killing spree american empire downfall. Oh 
lord, what's happening, i go onto this and suddenly there's this request, 
no idea how to fill it, wish i could do some tricky stuff here TODAY I 
WILL NOT BE DEPRESSED! (promise broken :-( Fear of death mingled w/sex. 
nightmare. trying to get my digital work archived before i'm (im)properly 
dead. I HATE BEING AN "HISTORICAL" FIGURE - screw my past work! and if 
everyone sends me $18000, I'll have what? well, this didn't go anywhere; I 
didn't get a cent. Have to try something new... if everyone who follows me 
sends me $ I will have $300 however if everyone sends $300 I will have 
$18000, enough to live on for a year! Thanx. but there's uglyfruit again 
for us and all is not lost. Why does everyone in the Winter Olympics 
require "redemption"? the ch'in (guqin) may be older than I thought, back 
to the Ming; reading about the Rwanda genocide; NY Times depressing 
editorial... I need 900 followers. Why? Why? Why? i think will sleep 
later. too much psychological debris...


silk and wood

w/echo towards immanent tonality
w/out towards imminent tonality
immanent = roof. imminent = throat.
qin with echo is _architectural._
every sound becomes singularity or galactic object.
i think this is what music should be.
i think this is my heritage.
i give my heritage to the history of humanity.
my heritage is wood and silk. the end. goodbye.*
http://www.alansondheim.org/luna0.mp3 w/echo
http://www.alansondheim.org/luna1.mp3 w/echo
http://www.alansondheim.org/luna2.mp3 w/echo
http://www.alansondheim.org/luna3.mp3 w/out
*i could not image these sounds.
*wood and silk have given them to me.
*i am comfortable with them.
*i am comfortable with wood and silk.
*wood and silk are the heritage of humanity.
*it was wood that was swinging and silk that was
very still. now it is silk that is swinging and
wood that is very still.
*humanity is the heritage of silk and wood.


Philosophical tenor

of my work, calculated by line/word/character frequency from the entirety 
of my writing for the past twenty years. The results seem correct to me. 
So here are my philosophical beliefs, in conveniently tabulated form:

