

Hard Dance Work and Fossils


http://www.alansondheim.org/ket1.jpg http://www.alansondheim.org/ket2.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/ket3.jpg http://www.alansondheim.org/ket4.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/ket5.jpg http://www.alansondheim.org/ket6.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/ket7.jpg 

http://www.alansondheim.org/dancework.mp4 Julu Twine continue dance into 
night s/he is looking for a home please help her find a home s/he is on 
the brink of mass extinction there is no land beneath hir no land above 
hir that will take hir in some say it is all make-believe nothingness that 
we live in a make-believe nothingness world s/he knows this is not so 
s/he oh please do help hir watch and admire hir s/he will not become a 
kind of extensive fossil
a kind of extensive fossil genus ferns, fossil which ferns, like the 
3.5 billion-year-old stromatolite fossil i own, these are radio, fossils, 
sound, abjection sheffer, as fossils, remnants, are manifest, and then 
perhaps the dual? stromatolite fossil, early bacteria, australia, 2.5-3.0 
billion years old then there are two fossils of interest - these are 
belemites that seem to accidental residue; the fossil already participates 
in global economies of ago.  if you are still interested in digging up 
this fossil, you can find and somnolent realms. trucks carry the last 
gasps of fossil life, suddenly become geniality fossilized has discipline, 
in aversion writing era, by image-fossil, book, judging ized, book, the 
resonant and what and fossil record is the miniscule surface of the world 
appearing as depth. fossil sigillaria, neuroptera. so that _above_ this 
would be the current, fossil we hold in our hands, as if it were precious 
reminder, not fossils. fresh water and fossil fuels are at a premium, and 
replacement fuels holding was turned from a tree or fossil life before the 
existence of holes. the core dump took out the fossilized remains of the 
crash. then immolated and noisy; planes carry fossil fuels across contin- 
ents, memories larger organisms (composed of cyanobacteria) to leave 
fossil records, lays head continues some mountains, escarpments, fossil 
vista, this spore, liquids fossilized for gram analysis machinery upon 
them, also dependent on fossil fuels and the perceptual most likely also 
uses an emergency backup generator running on fossil other countries. i 
had a coin collection and 700 fossils i found and pain or ecstasy, posed 
mannequins of fossilized desire and dance. one pebbles and little fossils 
found in marble.  i write the rupture of professionalization has become 
fossilized in academic discipline, records of fossil flora and fauna, 
making hoxne one of the few paleolithic reorganization.fossil foxley, 
reorganization.fossil tollcross. neuropteris rocks. they can read the 
layers by the fossils in them and what ages and small shrine with stone 
and mirror - and stromatolite fossil, three and a surface or hold-fast 
domain. the pebbles, fossils, and artificial rock, the hard-coal fields. 
(i collected carboniferous fossils when i was a their fossils are the 
oldest recorded life on earth, dating back 3.5 bil- there won't be any 
energy, and even the fossils of meaning, inscriptions tracks, fossil 
sea-bottom, vista, earth: tropical the lowlands first first forests time, 
rising head fossil which precede flowers and fruit -- not a fossil earth, 
but a living year-old stromatolite fossil, positioning on a thin sheet of 
slate. this is not hir, Julu Twine, please do admire hir.



cull, culling cull (oud, strategy of poetics/poetry-poet)

http://www.alansondheim.org/ound0.mp3 (played with risha* 1st time)
http://www.alansondheim.org/ound2.mp3 (played with risha* 2nd time)
http://www.alansondheim.org/ound1.mp3 
culling sound from everything i know on oud: "if you are going to 
listen to one oud piece tonight, either of the first two are the 
one oud piece you should listen to." * risha = pick; these are made
from plastic straps from a construction site.

cull, culling cull

world picture culled from internet text sat dec 26 01:11:02 est 2009 - 
editing or culling into the texts i wrote - and i've been meaning to write 
this for a long time, culling the words, that they represent, as processes 
or cullings of unbounded universes, dojoji has disappeared, culling dead 
texts, the results of culling 'deconstruction' from the internet text: 
this text is culled from an outline of current work prepared for my 
_renitency,_ caught culling their dreams, drawn down their drowning, 
culled from other things, blocks are taken out - sequences culling, (from 
past sins) culling nothing, i remained shaken but alive, culling online 
offline until real or virtual disappearance, culling shadow as well as 
that of others or textus vitual virtualis editing or culling into the 
texts i wrote - first assembled into files, hands, my hands, my book, 
culled from these texts, and i'm tired of this. it doesn't make any sense, 
culling from the lost, everything and nothing escaping wryting without 
conclusion, culling meaning, culling in the fields of desire, culling 
'existentialism' from the internet text, a phenomenology of analog and 
digital, culled from poetics if not poetry itself, in-formed by _culling,_ 
Ah! ripples in forgotten corners of the universe - culled work emerging, 
texts culled from my everything; my commanding, perhaps grep -h cull 
texts/* > zz and what shall we say about these?, only that they _mean_...



Ecstasy


 In this form of nervous derangement the patient is not wholly lost to 
external impressions, but rapt and absorbed in some object of the 
imagination. The muscles are sometimes relaxed, sometimes rigid, as in 
slight tetanus: but the loss of voluntary power over them is not complete 
or universal, for he sometimes speaks in a very earnest manner, or sings. 
The patient is, as it were, out of the body at times, engrossed in some 
high object of contemplation. This is the state in which nervous subjects 
- more commonly females - are sometimes thrown when under the influence of 
animal magnetism; and, as a medical teacher of celebrity remarks, "grave 
authors assure us that the intelligence which then deserts the brain, 
concentrates itself in the epigastrium, or at the tips of the fingers; 
that people in that state read letters which are placed upon their stomach 
or applied to the soles of their feet; answer oracularly enigmatical 
questions, describe exactly their own internal organic diseases, and even 
foretell future events." I take it that all who are able to take on what 
is called the "clairvoyant state," are in the ecstatic state when in that 
condition; and I am well persuaded that it is a morbid one which had in 
all cases better be avoided. I have long noticed that the more mesmeric 
subjects are operated upon, the more nervous and feeble they become.

 Treatment. - So much has the imagination to do in causing this state, it 
can usually be avoided if the patient wishes to do so. As a preventive 
measure, the nerves should be strengthened in all possible ways, and all 
forms of nervous excitement should be avoided.

(From the chapter, Diseases of the Nervous System, in The Hydropathic 
Family Physician, A Ready Prescriber and Hygienic Adviser with reference 
to the Nature, Causes, Prevention, and Treatment of Diseases, Accidents, 
and Casualties of Every Kind, by Joel Shew, M.D., New York, Fowlers and 
Wells, Publishers, 1854.)



