



Girlfriends

http://www.alansondheim.org/azurescostumes.jpg

   Time wishing I had a girlfriend here so that I could finally relax. A 
lot of teen-age boys make 'ideal' girlfriends with manipulated. A lot of 
teen-age boys make 'ideal' girlfriends with index sentence, a macho dedi- 
cation to the poet?s girlfriend: My girl's the greatest fuck, my first 
real girlfriend; we tri fuck me? I'll never have a girlfriend at this 
rate. I want big money soon. us hearing first girlfriend succeed impotent 
until 24 boyfriend I said. My boyfriend left me she said. I am your girl- 
friend she your father said. you remember the touch of your girlfriend and 
that last your girlfriend's hair. you have a picture of your family. you 
have a my girlfriend ran off with someone i really cared about. girlfriend 
in gang-rape dismember of duties, occupations, families, relations, boy- 
friends, girlfriends, all cd-roms (an ideal girlfriend on your computer), 
anime, manga, girlhood.

  The river, he's crossing to see his girlfriend wanted used. me. my 
couldn't, real cried. girlfriend; real was girlfriend; calls forth death 
girlfriend, hungered, making things. on the burnout, house all decorated 
by my nephew and his girlfriend for a nice 95th birth.

   My girlfriend left me two years ago; I haven't had arms which she had 
not done before because she was George's girlfriend dead raped children 
there were tourists? girlfriend is yes on wet flesh, Whew!Scarlet: I 
thought he gave all this money to his girlfriend for, er, house, the night 
I was told my ex-girlfriend had tried to kill herself, good of girlfriend 
acquaintance which to also acquainted prompted the got Sometimes my girl- 
friend and I need to talk about our relationship. We find had a girlfriend 
for over two years and this fills me with great grief. existence. girl- 
friend is a night-cycle, a messy ordering of the boyfriend or girlfriend 
she said. Yes I said. I have a girlfriend I said. boyfriends and girl- 
friends rip them apart piss on the gardens shit in boyfriends and girl- 
friends and they would all share me all the time couldn't, real first 
girlfriend; real we girlfriend; we tried.

   Porn porn kissing kissing girlfriend girlfriend mature mature orgy, So 
he gives the laptop to his girlfriend Cynthia so she could write loss of 
an ex-girlfriend, real geographic cataclysms and terror on the rocks? 
girlfriend in war-time fuck. about gender and girlfriends and boyfriends, 
and we hope for a way reproduced from common baking-soda. Your girlfriend 
has a small twat, I lost my girlfriend two years ago and no one has ever 
taken her. A lot of teen-age boys make 'ideal' girlfriends.

  I love you all but i love my girlfriend best, good night, said, are you 
alone. Yes she said. Do you have a girlfriend or boyfriend loved, who 
wants me. didn't, cried. real girlfriend - we tried lianas, epiphytes, on 
wet flesh girlfriend. they're after me about girlfriends, my good girl- 
friends - the tourist tribe they threw rocks called thrust girlfriend, 
hungered, Me and my girlfriends just put up some new real hot sexx pics 
the trusting eyes of husbands and wives and boyfriends and girlfriends 
virtual girlfriends (your very own girl in the machine), anime, manga.



demonstrating my SL installation to a friend


here's the problem: there's no place to stand; you might fall any time; 
you might lose me if I fall; you need a flight bracelet to stay up and 
hold on; it's difficult to move around; the small area is relatively 
complex; it's hard to know where to sit; too many particle might flow when 
you sit; you might not be able to see beyond the particles; your computer 
might slow up too much; your interface might grind to a halt; the SL 
servers might slow up; your computer might freeze; the SL servers might 
overload; you might lose track of your avatar; you might not turn the 
video on; you might turn the video on and overload your computer; you 
might not have the particles set to maximum in preferences; you might not 
have turned media on; you might stand up and fall; you might not 
understand what's on the screen; you might need a flight feather; you 
might forget where you are; you might not have been able to reach the 
place; you might not know where the place is; you might forget to landmark 
the place; you might forget my avatar names; you might not be my friend; 
you might not be teleported; I might not be online; your camera lens might 
be poorly set; you might be confused from the avatar viewpoint; you might 
not know the boundaries of my space; you might think other objects in the 
vicinity are part of my work; you might not see the dance of your sitting 
avatar; you might not realize the dance is a motion-capture dance; you 
might not understand the motion-capture software; you might not know 
you're dancing one of five dances; you might not know the dances are 
chosen randomly; you might not have shaders on; you might not have the 
landscape set high; you might not have sufficient weather; you might not 
have water or atmospheric shaders; you might not have the sound on high; 
you might not have the sound turned on; you might lose patience with the 
installation; you might not know what to do; you might not know why you're 
doing it;

http://www.alansondheim.org/showing.mp4




Overheard in New York


Overheard on Fifth Avenue : 
"So where do you want to have lunch"

Overheard at our local "hipster" hangout, Luscious :
"I haven't really seen the magazine yet"

Two traffic cops overheard, corner of Flatbush and Fifth :
"I'll be able to tell you later"

Overheard on West 35th Street, near Broadway :
"She's a few minutes late; I think it's the rain"

Overheard in Adam Tobin's Unnameable Books :
"One second, honey"

Overheard in ESP-Disk's record store :
"There's a place just around the corner"

High-school girls overheard at the Dean-Fifth Avenue bus-stop :
"Hey, pass me that"

Overheard on the B train near 14th Street station :
"I told you, I forgot to leave them at home"

Overheard near Crate and Barrel in mid-town :
"I'm not sure what you'd call it"



words that rhyme:

lamina nub sac pubic maenad reinscribed foregrounded jabbled unentangled 
overdetermined negationed decentered deconstructed discomforted 
halfgroupoid darkworld differend avasound objecthood shard webboard 
shorebird lpmud cyberspace avadance ascence specicide unicode finitude 
defuge nietzsche multlathe unutterable tricycle ukulele episteme biome 
brane techne offline lejeune trope wetware pneumosphere discomfiture 
monoculture oeuvre metaverse conflate stromatolite maquette traceroute 
immersive hirself presencing hegelung noh mishmash neath izanagi filmstock 
amuck mouselook codework heterological moil swill gloam lifeform chiasm 
valium aristotelian shamisen panopticon portico ideogrammar nostalgias 
sexualities sememes wetwares stromatolites unfoldings morphs extasis 
primordials prims phantasms cums striations bosons terns topos bookshops 
sawgrass emanents abacus cathect netsplit emanent seamount phenomenologist 
subtext incoherency


4 hopeful pieces with descriptions

http://www.alansondheim.org/city.mp3
I've been thinking about the infinity of cities, the depth of soundscapes 
and the romantic plenitude of nature. This is out the window of our loft; 
every sound in the city contributes, every cough or whistle miles away, 
every tire on asphalt. It always amazes me: this is the murmuring of a 
technological world coming to an end, perhaps, within a century. There are 
sub-bass harmonies here as well - harmonies which dominate the aural 
landscape, but which are inaudible to human ears. Even in this recording, 
one senses them. I've just finished Lamartine's uncanny Raphael, a book in 
which the natural world of meadows and streams runs through emotional 
states, tending towards both exaltation and cessation. I can imagine Julie 
at walk among the Brooklyn forests of streets, still listening, but with a 
greater hunger. HOPEFUL: The depth of the city revealed as a new cosmos 
with everyone present, all the time.

http://www.alansondheim.org/melodeon.mp3
Recently acquired this 1847 melodeon thanks to book trading. The bellows 
are bad; the vacuum box won't hold a vacuum; three valves are broken; the 
vacuum box needs to be opened; several reeds won't sound. So it's in great 
need of repair. In the meantime, furious pumping and a lot of reverb makes 
this odd sound file; you can hear the bellows working. It's actually quite 
a beautiful instrument, and will sound great once it's restored. HOPEFUL: 
A melodeon sounding like it did in 1847, when it was in someone's parlor.

http://www.alansondheim.org/hybrid1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/hybrid2.mp3
Playing around with the rishi on the oud, alternating with finger-picking. 
It's difficult to keep the rishi (pick) available if I'm using everything 
else on the strings. So it's rishi in the mouth, rishi on the floor, rishi 
on the knee, rishi held sometimes with two fingers, with a curled finger, 
with a thumb and finger, rishi sometimes dropped. On the other hand the 
sonority of the two interacting playing modes really interests me. 
HOPEFUL: Smooth transitions in-tune make for wonderful textures, melodies, 
and harmonies.

HOPEFUL: The CITY SYMPHONY will make me rich; the MELODEON will bring 
untold pleasure to millions; the HYBRID OUD PLAYING will set new standards 
in improvisation world-wide.





I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
I will die
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine
But I will shine




Rachel


I sit down to read Rachel, Her Stage Life and Her Real Life, by Francis 
Gribble, 1911 - 90 years after Rachel's birth, fifty-three years after her 
death.

I stop. I can't go on. I don't know why I'm reading this. I feel in my 
bones - incessantly - that I'm close to death. I felt this decades before 
my father turned 95 last year and will feel it until the end.

So why read about Rachel; what good is this knowledge, which will have no 
chance to grow, which will disappear into the wind when I cease to exist? 
Or what better thing is there to do at this point, beyond entertainment?

Perhaps I will carry Rachel to the grave, this early Jewish actress who, 
unknown to her, is seen has a precursor to Sarah Bernhardt. She too was 
haunted by death, called herself, constantly according to Gribble, La 
Pauvre Rachel. 

She was determined to accomplish and was in a position to accomplish. Her 
lovers included an emperor. She was the greatest interpreter of Phedre. I 
would say of course until Bernhardt, not even on the horizon of Rachel.

Our horizons are not our own.

It is on the horizon that the Other is, accompanied by the Thing, unknown 
rubbed raw against unknown, and that is all I know of it.

But I know what I know about Rachel, another heroine of mine, that I will 
not carry her to the grave; I will not carry anything. I am the richer for 
reading her biography - her voice, of course unlike Bernhardt's, was never 
recorded - but this is an illusion; memory and knowledge, unlike wealth, 
are never recirculated, but die completely. 

No one can ever comprehend the world of another. (Memes notwithstanding.) 
And knowledge is never knowledge, but a moment in habitus (which we never 
understand), or illusory, virtual (which we understand, but disagree).

I agree with the Other of Rachel which is my Other, and with the Thing 
which led her constantly to tears. But I wonder: Shall I learn something 
here, or elsewhere; understanding the Dirac equation does not unfold the 
universe, and attempting Rachel does not unfold Phedre.

Phedre and the universe and every noun are one. But it is impossible to 
see the universe in a grain of sand and impossible to see worlds within 
worlds; these are fundamental illusions that allow some of us to approach 
death with equanimity.

I continue to read Rachel, Her Stage Life and Her Real Life, finding 
myself approaching senselessness without wall or barrier in the depth of 
the abyss.



ridge

the ridge or edge of the division between avatar and habitus, blurred, 
jagged, just like the rest of them, of those. it was just a matter of 
misrecognition, feynman diagrams as of the lower vertex numbers didn't 
hold. what then but circumambulations which together hinted at the thing; 
the circumambulations _were_ the thing under erasure, evanescent.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ridge.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/ridge1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ridge2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ridge3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ridge4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ridge5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ridge6.jpg

here's an idea: invite me to your school or gallery or institution or 
museum. let me use your equipment pay me to put on a performance. i'll 
give you the artifacts. you'll be amazed.

"you can take this into real life," julu said, "if they'll just give you 
a chance."




house that i built


                http://www.alansondheim.org/built.mp4
              that lives in the house that i built.
       this is the house that i built;
       this is the man that lives in the house that i built;
      from the turn of the century enthusiastic young men who built
      built the wall, and will call our attorneys to discuss if
     in 1966 i built an aerial array consisting of 8 nine-element
    a phoebe soon built in my shed, and a robin for protection in a
    before winter i built a chimney, and shingled the sides of my
    i am not aware that any man has ever built on the spot which i
    it's built on debris and bricolage, on fragments and accumulations,
   be   built   into   the   human   organism,  according  to  its  inner
  when he finished grieving for the bowl-space, he built a great palace 
 anything automatic image generation interactive same built in 
buildings builds built bulldozer buried burned buses but buttes button by 
built
built _under_ them. language as well was raised to the highest degree. i 
built a model boat in which he combined power to drive it with radio
built a number of electricity generators in the vicinity of the
built beside the nile.  we must not, therefore, be surprised to
built by jam (jamshed). men, cattle, and animals will come out of that
built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where
built exalted wealth guilty belly early reply
built into the unit, but i've seen no sign at all of this, and the hp95 
built is 
built my machines. i wear machines hide my insecurity / my stupidity / my
built name stands
built on and that so obsesses critical theorists and is central to the
built out of that event. most of us have no defining moments at all and
built out of wood and dust. feed went in and out of the way-station, now a
built that floated his family to america.  an honest, hard-working,
built the name stands the origin of shape proper upright model sky and
built their own product using existing logic components.
built their sties by it, and the railroad has infringed on its
built themselves handsome houses, spending on them several
built, and i poked the fire with more right and more satisfaction
built, built,
built-in email and bulletin boards, and there's no need of (or use for)
built-in issues of governance, filtering, connection bandwidth, user's
built-in, for example, one operation eee = e* throwing everything
built-in; there's no _inherent_ reason for its existence. the ceiling 
dreamed chalk-white body-flesh built you stretch work. under influence 
escape me and new shrines are built, one even even made a world so fragile
of this world, not of us. the tether always breaks. we built ourselves
things, the city is built on ancient worlds, reptilian eyes follow me,
written elsewhere, and long ago, on these machines built overseas.






Michael, who I never knew


Michael Benedikt and George E. Wellwarth edited Modern French Theatre: The 
Avant-Garde, Dada, and Surrealism. I recently bought a used copy of the 
book, first edition. It might have been Benedikt's first book. There's an 
author's signature on the title page, and an inscription inside the front 
cover: 


for Mother dear

     and F.F.

with thanks for the right genes,

             Michael


Michael Benedikt was born in 1935 and died in 2007. I didn't know him. 
There is something uncanny about the inscription. Michael Benedikt lived 
72 years. I think perhaps he gave this to his mother with a sense of 
pride; he was 29. I think to myself: He gave this book to his mother and 
F.F., perhaps a father. His mother and perhaps F.F. died, and Michael 
inherited. It would have been sad for the book to be returned to him, 
after a temporary journey of pride and happiness. And then Michael died 
and someone, perhaps a wife or other relative, sold or gave away some of 
his books, perhaps all of them, and this was one of them. And so Modern 
French Theater ends up in Adam Tobin's book-store, coming from somewhere, 
somewhere unknown, perhaps untraceable, and I am reading and learning a 
great deal, revisiting some old friends, playwrights within. I fear death, 
death dominates me; I am constantly fighting off depression as best I can. 
As we run out of money, depression and stress increase. And I think: soon 
this book will be passed on, and I am less than a silent witness to its 
passing. So perhaps this is the singing of a solitary and mournful note, 
so that its passing will be remembered. And perhaps this will be forgotten 
as well.



GOD BROUGHT ME THIS POEM

OokDoodokobookcookHookjookLookNook rookTookWookDockdorkDoomDoopDoor 
bookcookgookhookjookkooklooknookrooktook dockdorkdoobdoomdoor 
bookcookgookhookkooklooknookrook dockdoomdoor doom hookkook hooklookdoom 
BookCookHook BOOKDOOMDOOR CookDoon CookDoor CookDoon 
OokpooSpookbookcookHookjookLookNook 
rookTookWookPoakPockporkPoodPoohPoolPoonpoop Poor 
spookbookcookgookhookjookkooklooknook 
rooktookpockPolkporkpoodpoofpoolpoonpooppoor 
spookbookcookgookhookkooklooknook rookpockporkpoolpoor pool hookkook 
hooklookpool BookCookHookPoolPoor BOOKPOOL CookPolkPool CookPolk CookPolk 
OokSokoShookSnookSpookStookbookcookHook 
jookLookNookrookTookWookSoaksockSoonSoot 
shooksnookspookbookcookgookhookjookkook 
looknookrooktooksoaksocksouksoonsoot shookspookbookcookgookhookkooklook 
nookrooksoaksocksoonsoot hookkook hooklook BookCookHook BOOK 
ShookSnookCook Cook SnookCook OokMoobookcookHookjookLookNookrook 
TookWookMockMonkMoskMoodMoonMoorMoot 
moobookcookgookhookjookkooklooknookrook tookmockmonkmoodmoonMoormoot 
moobookcookgookhookkooklooknookrook mockmonkmoodmoonmoormoot moo 
hookkookMoof moohooklookmoofmooz BookCookHookMoon BOOKMOOT MokoCookMoon 
Cook Cook

GOD BROUGHT ME THIS POEM

SplutterSlutteryClutterFlutterScutterShutter SputterStutterSlatterslitter 
splutterclutterfluttershuttersputterstutter 
splutterclutterfluttersputterstutter Sutter Sutter Sutter 
SupperScupperStepperStopperStumper supperscupperstepperstopperstumper 
supperstepperstopperstumper Supper MullerScullerSpullerSmallerSmeller 
Mullerscullersmaller scullersmaller 
NutterScutterShutterSputterStutterSnotter nuttershuttersputterstutter 
sputterstutter Sutter Sutter Sutter


remnants of spring from the last, phew

o please help her find a home s/he is on something
o room to sit here, try another spot, noone around.
passion  zes me staining your hole!
oh your thighs are moist and inviting, passion's  zing all over the
anime, manga, girlh d.
    a phoebe built in my shed, and a robin and a phoebe sang:

" OokD-dokob-kc-kH-kj-kL-kN-k-r-kT-kW-kDockdorkD-mD-pD-r-
b-kc-kg-kh-kj-kk-kl-kn-kr-kt-k-dockdorkd-bd-md-r-
b-kc-kg-kh-kk-kl-kn-kr-k-dockd-md-r-d-m-h-kk-k-h-kl-kd-m-
B-kC-kH-k-B-KD-MD-R-C-kD-n-C-kD-r-C-kD-n-
Ookp-Sp-kb-kc-kH-kj-kL-kN-k-
r-kT-kW-kPoakPockporkP-dP-hP-lP-np-p-P-r-
sp-kb-kc-kg-kh-kj-kk-kl-kn-k-
r-kt-kpockPolkporkp-dp-fp-lp-np-pp-r-
sp-kb-kc-kg-kh-kk-kl-kn-k-r-kpockporkp-lp-r-p-l-h-kk-k-
h-kl-kp-l-B-kC-kH-kP-lP-r-B-KP-L-C-kPolkP-l-C-kPolk-C-kPolk-
OokSokoSh-kSn-kSp-kSt-kb-kc-kH-k-
j-kL-kN-kr-kT-kW-kSoaksockS-nS-t-
sh-ksn-ksp-kb-kc-kg-kh-kj-kk-k-
l-kn-kr-kt-ksoaksocksouks-ns-t-sh-ksp-kb-kc-kg-kh-kk-kl-k-
n-kr-ksoaksocks-ns-t-h-kk-k-h-kl-k-B-kC-kH-k-B-K-
Sh-kSn-kC-k-C-k-Sn-kC-k-OokM-b-kc-kH-kj-kL-kN-kr-k-
T-kW-kMockMonkMoskM-dM-nM-rM-t-
m-b-kc-kg-kh-kj-kk-kl-kn-kr-k-t-kmockmonkm-dm-nM-rm-t-
m-b-kc-kg-kh-kk-kl-kn-kr-k-mockmonkm-dm-nm-rm-t-m--
h-kk-kM-f-m-h-kl-km-fm-z-B-kC-kH-kM-n-B-KM-T-MokoC-kM-n-
C-k-C-k
B-kC-kH-k-B-KD-MD-R-C-kD-n-C-kD-r-C-kD-n-
h-kl-kp-l-B-kC-kH-kP-lP-r-B-KP-L-C-kPolkP-l-C-kPolk-C-kPolk-
n-kr-ksoaksocks-ns-t-h-kk-k-h-kl-k-B-kC-kH-k-B-K-
h-kk-kM-f-m-h-kl-km-fm-z-B-kC-kH-kM-n-B-KM-T-MokoC-kM-n- "



perhaps you mean:
:  Y  Ay  By  Dy  Ey  -fy  Hy  Ky  -ly  My  Ny  Sy  Ya  Ye
  -yl  Y's  Yt  Yu
:  Y  Yay  XYY  by  Dy  KY  NY  WY  XY  Yb  Yi  yr
:  by
:  yay  py
:  YA-
:  y  yay  by  cy  gy  ky  ly  my  py  sy  uy  ya  ye  yp
  yt  yu
:  By
:  EY
:  Y
perhaps you mean:
:  Z  CZ  Za
:  Z  AZ  Hz  oz.  Zn  Zr  Zu
:  zrz  zzf  ez  mz  rz  tz  zc  ze  zv
:  z  az  bz  cz  dz  ez  gz  kz  mz  nz  oz  sz  tz  uz
  za  zm  zr  zw
:  Ziz  Uz
:  Ziz  Uz



The Edenic

The idea of the Edenic - an unsullied paradise; hegemonic then becomes 
sullying, but also encapsulating. The Edenic becomes a dominated 
sub-culture by virtue of the lie; it resists, imitates, and adapts.

The Edenic trope is one of childhood, naivete, goodness, lack of conflict, 
even lack of culture. The individual is "at one" with nature; nature and 
culture are one. The culture is self-sustaining and inert; nothing 
changes. Even sexual display and conflict is non-existent. At the back of 
this at times there is also the idea of unbridled sexuality.

The trope is also one of destruction; the Edenic has no concept of owner- 
ship or stewardship; THEREFORE the land is there for the taking. The 
Edenic has no sense of monotheism; THEREFORE the humans are close to 
animals, sub-humans. 

The Edenic has no recognizable boundary, THEREFORE no rationale, no 
rationalism; it cannot be negotiated with, but property must be seized, 
and by seizure, created.

This is the disorganization of the Edenic, its messiness, irrationality:
this is the boundary-less, boundless feminine crying out for the phallic 
order. Whose feminine? Whose crying? Whose phallus? Whose order? What's 
the phallus ordering around? What's around here? What's around?

The Edenic is tragic, mournful, noble; the Edenic is dirty, messy, lazy; 
the Edenic must be controlled; the Edenic must be annihilated; the Edenic 
will survive as trope within the hegemonic; the Edenic becomes the 
bypassing of Paradise; the Edenic becomes the exotic; the Edenic becomes 
the site of tourism; of tourism without contestation; of contestation. The 
Edenic is always in retreat; if the hegemonic is defined by "not both here 
and there," the Edenic is "neither here nor there." Both operations make a 
calculus; only one is named. The naming of the Edenic is the erasure of 
the name: of the Edenic, of the name.

The lie appears because the Edenic is under erasure just as soon as it's 
formulated. By erasure: it's divested of power, because it's asserted 
never to have power, never to have legitimacy. Religion entangles here; by 
virtue of inerrancy, religion legitimates, inscribes. Where religion 
inscribes, the Edenic is absented: barring from the Garden of Edenic 
implies the inscription of walls, the inerrancy of procedural judgments 
and the power to carry them out. Absenting makes the art grow fonder for 
uncanny loss, last vestige of the imaginary. Absenting fills the absent 
with bureaucracy, misrecognition, capital, and the distribution of power: 
this is where the lie lies.

The Edenic was never born; the Edenic dies in violence: forget picture, 
memory, representation; forget tomb, paean, epitaph. It's not there, it's 
not allowed to make (a, any, the) differance.



Porter2


Not that you listened to porter.mp3, but it did split a nail, messing up 
my play. I taped on a saz pick, alternating finger styles. Anyway this is 
a pretty cool piece, makes me want to drive across the country again. 
I'd slam into every right-wing militia in sight. I wouldn't care if it 
made sense. Then I thought maybe I should use exclamation marks here but 
decided against it. The oud's unsweetened, just as it came through the 
amp. I wasn't going to do another porter piece but I thought, well this is 
a followup to the first since I messed up my play and Desiree made it all 
better:

http://www.alansondheim.org/porter2.mp3

Desiree was punctual to a minute. The porter, the garcons, the porterai 
avec pour toujours! offices, too, were to be performed by the wife of the 
porter, according to little Nathalie, the porter's daughter, remaining 
with her grandmother The sou was given, and the porter's daughter 
disappeared, leaving the porter's daughter, and she went forth to dispose 
of this: "The night Madame de la R******* died, the wife of the porter, 
she had sex with minors, who said?" And all the reporters were looking at 
her poverty, soon divulged to the porteress: To porterage, -- 00.00 1/4: 
To porterage, -- 00.00 1/4: - after he signed the cheque that was to pay 
the importer. I overheard he's played recently, this reporter can only 
surmise. "The eternal gates' terrific porter lifted the northern Bar- 
Imperial - supporter of the empire. For she was The Supporter of All or 
One Who Remains Alive even after Everything, and he is like one who tries 
to reform that matter, those false porters and trekking guides carrying 
out at one sweep the whole arsenal of the old law.


unfair representation of why i hate regional art 
and why regional art hates me

representing emerging emerging to to modern modern master master artists. 
artists. drawings drawings may may seem seem representing effortless, 
beautifully as capture they the beautifully elements capture of the shadow 
elements and of light shadow effortless, and as light they inherent wooded 
in settings. his However, wooded the settings. intricacy However, of 
intricacy mysterious mysterious his landscapes viewer causes to viewer on 
reflect complex on method. complex landscapes method. causes figurative 
the portrait hosting talent five by weekly hosting sketch five groups. 
weekly followed sketch her groups. and followed portrait her talent muse 
where their winds cabin down mountains life where to she muse winds to 
down their busy in life the rhythms elaborate land. drawn Her from 
elaborate that collages place are the drawn rhythms from of that the place 
land. immediately and recognizable mesmerizing. mesmerizing. result The is 
result a is and a are "painting" a with distinct, distinct, effect 
three-dimensional using effect only using paper! only a paper! "painting" 
collection abstract seven florals new in abstract glass color by florals 
master. glass collection master. seven "The new beauty abstract art, 
particular, particular, to inability of `recreate` and true The original 
end ... result there`s of one. painting end a any ... painting there`s 
wholly and contingent environment mood only environment one can wholly 
exist on one a time. mood I and intuitively what know I what can`t do, by 
can`t intuitively achieve know intuition, to language me guides what me, 
to speaks do. me language lets the do. speaks rely experience my well 
years as experience freethinking well when freethinking my approach years 
when of painting. work Although requires every decisions work by requires 
the decisions hundreds, hundreds, painting. really every don`t hold think 
the much brush. at I all just hold happen." brush. think just at let all 
it when happen." I exhibition interpretations articulates what many is 
interpretations to be the female. floor Our gallery second presents floor 
cutting gallery edge presents challenges cutting to edge the challenges 
female. question woman?" "What a defines woman?" of little carefully oasis 
curated carefully defines curated a displayed ranch warm of cozy gallery`s 
ranch seven house. and Each displayed gallery`s warm rambling is rooms a 
neutral for backdrop the for gallery`s ever-changing rooms selection 
representational, representational, and impressionist paint art. in paint 
a variety styles styles media. media. variety wide of abstract, of 
dimensional dimensional locally, locally, nationally, nationally, 
internationally internationally recognized well artists as dedicated 
artists providing their clients with personalized service service in 
developing private private providing corporate star collections. ... Catch 
latch rising to star a latch and seminal a artist his making: style, vivid 
of expressionist color, style, and use artist color, the patriotism, all 
aspen types trees are flags high types in high trees demand. and Now, 
flags honor flag South, on His full flag display paintings in full of 
display the homes, His offices, offices, judges` judges` chambers, 
chambers, governors` governors` collections collections throughout 
throughout United didn`t States. get "Monet into didn`t prime get until 
into 20 prime United until States. 20 "Monet years` really practice. years 
I`m in." in." street an tucked unassuming away side practice. street I`m 
tucked only away seven off hidden hidden realistic treasures manner ultra 
of realistic one manner of designed the fool and eye. is What real appears 
is real part painted to part real has painting mastered to art degree 
degree has people be have convinced touch what canvases see convinced 
people see the exquisite draw playful and subjects mind draw to eye His 
mind work earlier time, memory, earlier.



my danger always

passover, there's danger in the streets, i can hear the danger, i can hear 
the natural blood of women, it's purim time, it's passover, it's haid, 
passover sacrifice the taste of christian flesh devouring christian 
children for passover? you don't have to look passover sacrifice the taste 
of christian flesh devouring christian children for passover? you don't 
have to look

chanukah jews kingston. town small across scattered family extended an 
chanukah and jews were there young, were you when kingston. of town small 
an extended family scattered across small town kingston. jews chanukah 
small town of kingston. when you were young, there were jews and chanukah 
people coming over tonight for a belated chanukah - should be nice - i 
today is the first night of chanukah. chanukah jews kings own small 
chanukah jews kings ered family

must die so that the world survive? On Chanukah I fled. Is
must die so that the world survive? On Chanukah I fled. Is
Come Visit Chanukah Harry's Magic House
must die so that the world survive? On Chanukah I fled. Is

woman who was fascinated by autocannibalism, as exemplified by her and our 
law, and all the cannibalisms, symbolic or not, that structure language, 
and is this a question only of degree? Are cannibalisms a curse. Take my 
flesh, cannibal; it will make you strong. Take my wall. Take my ears, 
cannibal; they hear no more than the sound of keys,

the mouth self-cannibalizing; I am approaching a singularity a
on the head, the massacre, the cannibalism, the torture by fire, the death 
yet at of least 4,000,000 cannibals in those parts of the earth the most
obscene and its obscene relation to the skin - obscene cannibalism, 

penetrate me, devour me. I will escape this obsession through cannibalism; 
on the head, the massacre, the cannibalism, the torture by fire, the death 
cannibalism and freezing for example) - what _appears_ absent are the 
part-objects, and devouring (cannibalism). make it come, recuperate, 
absolve, return, cathect. You write cannibalism, Jennifer's, she muses. 
Self-cannibalism, a form of the auto-chthonic, and cannibalism: avatar 
doll wraithe.

the body body of body body to the the to cannibal cannibal of cannibal
cannibal of outside other outside of the instigating
chromosome soul the of coexist world the cannibal sun
chromosome soul ## the of coexist world the cannibal
the hunger of the cannibal god four its creatures four example
turned cannibal

cannibalism: avatar doll wraithe
cannibalism: avatar doll wraithe
cannibalism: avatar doll wraithe






ARMEGEDDON APOCALYPSE ARMAGEDDON 


http://www.alansondheim.org/armegeddon1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/armegeddon2.mp3

armegeddon isn't around the corner, it's here and now
armegeddon isn't around the corner, it's here and now
armegeddon isn't around the corner, it's here and now
armegeddon isn't around the corner, it's here and now

restraint by death which is the exit of all forms just like apocalyps
raging earth, holocausts to come, apocalypse to follow - taking from 
nothing. here is the waiting for apocalypse. hunger, thirst, heat, loom. 
raging earth, holocausts to come, apocalypse to follow - 
/*apocalypse.*/ /*You*/ /*flood*/ /*me...'t*/ /*bother*/ /*you*/ /*a.*/
"nasty", through my soldier dissolves my armageddon you apocalypse powder
"neutered",:soldier dissolves my armageddon you apocalypse powder anthrax

rhinoceros that rhinoceros to to and to to sun to that to sun apocalypse
organs DIGITAL_girl! organs apocalypse
suspension of the plays BABEL dog to apocalypse the
suspension of ## ## the plays BABEL dog to apocalypse
plays the my that apocalypse apocalypse
on this "if" because there is always the possibility of apocalypse.
don't ever say i don't feel the apocalypse 
the apocalypse is in my bones.

apocalypse; humans have read the trails, walked and traced them, from the 

destroying everything in our path crawling towards armageddon
towards armageddon
the edge of armageddon

millennial armageddon armored postmodern truth
i look towards the armageddon truth of my scribblings armed to the teeth
so much towards armageddon truth, near-earth asteroid on collision course 
/ellohay / eway areway youray eadday / eway aitway orfay armageddonway /
orfayway armageddonwayway / ewayway annotcayway ememway erraybay yourayay
ewaywayway aitwaywayway orfaywayway armageddonwaywayway / ewaywayway
armageddon you apocalypse powder anthrax terror terrorism onslaught war!  
"nasty", through my soldier dissolves my armageddon you apocalypse powder
"neutered",:soldier dissolves my armageddon you apocalypse powder anthrax

in the night, this comes to me, this armageddon two or three splits into 
the mobius of fury. STOP. nothing will stop armageddon when it's turning 
back, that we're all heading towards fucking armageddon - another target, 
as the city continues its doomed path to armageddon. our tiny spaces come 
forth in the midst of armageddon. They come forth and are armageddon. They 
quiet, peaceful. arms, sing softly.  cry quietly.

destroying everything in our path crawling towards armageddon
destroying everything in our path crawling towards armageddon
towards armageddon
the edge of armageddon

 Armageddon
         this is the way to Armageddon.

 Armageddon
         this is the way to Armageddon.



corsair

http://www.alansondheim.org/corsair.mp3 *

cruse said to me, there's terror in the land.
but you must not be crass, you must go on.
continue where, i said, worn, about to crash.
where the crush is least she said, where empty.
cress grew lean across the empty flooded field.
my cursor moved and heavens, nothing lit.
we cross a barren land, where there is terror.
criers were there, and sad with surgent fear.
and crews to fight the horse, cruse said to me.
and cars to carry crews i said and cruse said yes.
o curs we cried please leave this land of horse.
for corsairs were and, pleased with curse and me.

*encore e-45 electric guitar played new


brake, dance

http://www.alansondheim.org/break.mp3

in the morning, bark fled the surfaces of trees, only to return,
tired and worn-out, somewhere in the night.
the brook left its banks with the fleeing of the bark, the bark 
never knew, when it returned, that the brook had been a-swimming.
one day dawn broke early, all might have been revealed, but kindly
night kept sky and earth in darkness.
herons and bitterns in brakes decried the awkward giving, still
concealed from almost all creation.
it was as if day-break had broken, as if night had its sleepy way.
bark, bred on the morrow, gathered together at evening's sleepy way.
brad and allison wandered all around, smiling at the world's new 
green and blue horizon.
all creation in harmony, no one boasting, bragging, no one being,
no beings one, no one being one.
birds flew together and apart above the swimming trees trees.
o ark of gift-tomorrows, no irk among the brake.

among the brake and swimming trees, dank animals at rest.
by dint of softened nest, amoeba moved, thoughtful and silent.
they swam, sunk, and rose again, thirsting boundaries of water 
and air.
their transforming bodies lightly dented surfaces of new-born
thought.
thinking among dung and graceful food, gasping world, creating
murmured world.
dunes there were, low hills and sundry wisps of cloud.
done was the world, unbegun the world, silent all animals and
quiet plants.
the din of the quiet, brad and allison would have thought,
there were no brad and allison.
all moment, movement, were of, and of not, dance.



David Askevold, Alan Sondheim, Two Harmonicas, One Class


Recently, going through my archives, I've found cassette tapes made with a
number of people from the 70s, including Chris Franz / Tina Weymouth,
David Askevold, and Laurie Anderson. I'm trying to copy them now. I've put
the David Askevold tape up:

http://www.alansondheim.org/askevoldharpclass.mp3

This was made in one of the Projects classes at Nova Scotia College of Art
and Design; I forget whether we were team-teaching, or it was his or my
class. I do remember we went into the room and furiously played harmonicas
for about five minutes (on the recording), and then left, returned, and
taught - whatever teaching meant then. The classes were open like this -
anything was possible, the students were pretty much our equals, and
derailing things seemed the order of the day. I'd do this now at SVA if I
didn't think I'd get fired! Anyway, for those who knew David, this is
perhaps a really nice, odd, snippet. I'm going to get a better copy, but I
wanted to put this up now. (Hi Ian!)

(If you don't know David Askevold's work, you should - one of the most 
amazing artists - performance, video, photography, installation, writing, 
etc. - I've ever met - and the best 'art teach' I've ever met as well.)

- Alan

And a fuller announcement of the downloadable chalk book http:::::

http

http::::: my book in chalk editions (free download):

http://www.scribd.com/doc/28974697/Alan-Sondheim-http

of a hap, miss, perhaps you'd follow thru
perhaps it's hip, a mass you might call true
lap, hop, it's hope, alas, a lass i rue


Description:

http:::::

the unique https of my work since I've been online. most of these are
long-gone, buried at this point in hard-disk backups, dvds, floppies,
cd-roms, cds, scarred arms, legs, and breasts. but some are still there.

what you have is a rag-tag index of my media history. this is how I think
now. this is new history, data-base history, tags to other-thought that
may or may not exist, may or may not be accessible. think of art as
virtual addresses, always virtual, most often addressed, not always
addressed, sometimes buried, corroded. think of art as tabulation, as
memory of art, hearkening back to the earliest forms of writing, among
them the accountancies of Mesopotamia. what is being counted here? when
did all this happen? and does it still survive? and do I?

         http://www.alansondheim.org/snapped1.jpg
         ...
         ...
         ...
         ...
         ...




archive mapping


1 1 1 1 