==

"The SL space is almost always treated as a simulacrum of real life - by 
the creators as well! But as an abstracted mathematical topology, it's far 
more than that; others will take it farther in the future, already are. I 
also want to discuss being-in-mathesis, beyond the SL 'standard' represen- 
tation."

RL: [explain] = 1 [given] The real world is given, inert, obdurate, one or 
many - it's still one, presenced. The real world possesses at least four 
fundamental forces, various constants from fine-structure to gravitation- 
al; these things - static or dynamic - are given. Physics is explanatory, 
attempting coherent and agreeable structures in depth. David Finkelstein: 
physics is fucking the real. There is always the potential of deep error.

SL: [describe] = 2 [split choice] The virtual world is described; its 
description is its fundamental ontology. It is split; constants are by 
consensus. There are no basic forces at work; motion is the result of 
redraw, rewrite. The physics is the result of an attempt to construct 
coherent and agreeable structures in depth. David Finkelstein: pure math 
is masturbation. There is always the potential of surface error.

0: Neither description nor explanation, but a postulate of a neutral 
backdrop, perhaps the Madhyamaka backdrop, the problematic of the existent 
in relation to logical falsification. But perhaps here, or perhaps here in 
the sense of a diacritical mark:

0': the psychoanalytics of the subject lies, a psychoanalytics deeply and 
permanently entangled in perceptual modalities. This is the locus of 
peering-out, or not peering-out.

0, 0': neutrality - neutrality appears and disappears.

1: obdurate, there is, idiotic real. The thetic, demonstrative, occurs in 
the 1: which is the real; 1 is not a number, but a condition. 1 is not a 
choice, but within 1, there are always choices, splits: frames of 
reference, wave or particle functions. One is 'like that'; the real has a 
certain style.

2: choice / intentionality. The virtual world is chosen; it is also in- 
tended, intended against the backdrop of 0 and 0'. Now this is important: 
the virtual world lies within a potential well; it has both internal and 
external boundaries: it _runs_ at a designated clock-tine; it is a 
construction within the social; it is, in other words, a fabric.

0, 0': neitherness, not both A and B, neither A nor B (a priori mathesis). 
Neitherness and its dual may be taken as the two fundamental operations of 
the propositional calculus (elementary logic); they're the Sheffer stroke 
and its dual. But they are also expulsions, abjections, avoidances, the 
loci of subjectivities in relation to spewing-forth in real or virtual 
worlds. Neti neti: neither this nor that, neither the one nor the other, 
the one or the two, the one or two and the Other.

1: fragility of the good: computer program error, intrinsic. Within the 1, 
there is, as Leibniz might unfurl himself, the potential for the catas- 
trophic, in the sense of catastrophe theory. And while there are infinite 
errors, there may be, as in chaos theory, only one viable solution - 
surrounded by problematic others, mutations which produce nothing, which 
corrupt. Or not, as some extend themselves. Nonetheless, it is within the 
one that the computer program error appears, as error - as something 
needing correcting, something turning away from the coherently expected 
answer, something which doesn't survive the rituals of debugging. In this 
sense, the physics of the computer program in general parallels the 
physics of the real; both are open to contradiction or falsification in 
their running explanations/processes. These errors are intrinsic to 
programs and theories which are aligned with pre-determined goals, as if 
there were design (not intelligent design to be sure) involved.

2: error extrinsic, deferment. Think of computer program errors which are 
extrinsic - produced results leading elsewhere, the result of choice or 
decision, not necessarily an error, but an extension - one finds a con- 
tinuous deferment, one error leading to novelty, the plateau of novelty, 
the tendency of the plateau towards another error or another extension, 
and so forth. This is the result, the habitus, of intention; this is the 
dwelling of distinctions where, utopia-like, any error may be no error at 
all, and anything at all might be intended, willed, to survive.

0, 0': null set. Thus 0 is the set of all those objects not equal to them- 
selves, but let us consider 0' to be the division between two distinct 
populations, X and not-X: that is, the intersection. However this inter- 
section is impure; it exists in-relation-to-X and not-X; it is the null 
set, but the null set in-relation, and therefore of and within/without the 
subject.

1: universal set. Thus 1 is the universal, cosmological, set - totality, 
however defined; in a sense 2: virtual worlds, are subsets within it. From 
within and without 0, but not within and without 0', which is almost 
something else altogether.

2: split tending towards as-if. Virtual worlds are always split: split 
from the real (guided, protected, within the literally circumscribed, 
circumprogrammed, potential well), and split in terms of decision trees 
(this - and not that - gravitational constant employed, for example.) And 
virtual worlds are always already as-if; there is nothing else to them. 
As-if what? As if they're dynamic, as if the illusions were real. Real 
how? As-if one might turn away from the screen, unplug everything, and 
fly.

1-2: leakages between them. Neither polarities nor entirely independent: 
the body, inscribed, is already virtual; the virtual world, embodied, is 
already real. The bridge between them is the uncanny; both reals are 
imaginary. Leakage is abject - as if there were leakage, as if there were 
virtual/real polarities.

The metaphoric 0,0',1,2: numbers as markers of inscriptions, valuable in 
terms of thinking about multiplicities, neutralities (the idiotic), 
inscriptions. Within 0,0' inscription is primary; everything is inscribed 
but inscribed differently. And inscription is necessarily circumscription, 
the symbolic bounded by the symbolic, the sememe tending towards the 
appearance of closure. (Attacking the metaphor: misplaced quantification 
and ordering among 'plexa,' misplaced mathesis (plexus, from plico, 
plicatum, to fold, to knit - Lynd's Class-Book of Etymology, 1861).)

So we might say:

Real life: 1: immersive, fundamentally dynamic (potential stases) - inter- 
nal: operated _in._ Immersive: inhabited within the space-time manifold, 
such that contradiction or contrary is always a process; in the real, 
nothing contradicts anything. In real life, there is no server roll-back.

Second life: 2: definable, fundamentally static (real mobility) - external 
operators: operated _on._ How definable? Every element has been placed, 
intentionally; every element carries permissions and attributes; every 
element may be removed; every region, every thing, every world, may be 
rolled-back.

