

plato's cave of reflections and mirrors, maybe medusa, the real


inside the body of the avatar-with-attachments
within the invisible body of the avatar
outside the attachments remaining invisible
beyond the shadows of the body have disappeared
below the reflections of attachments are visible
into the water reflections having fallen
above the water reflections coming into play
throughout reflections among the invisible body
out there treating us to reflection's afterthoughts
under the air the water containing recognitions
among the recognitions attachments appearing clearly
beside the attachments no body nothing residing
on the attachments memories of visibility
in the attachments segments of missing body

julu twine out of luck and image
jennifer's attachments' reflections' distortions coming into their own
something about material cultures and absent centers, erasures
something else, julu and jennifer forgot

http://www.alansondheim.org/platoscave.mp4


Two, Uncanny

http://www.alansondheim.org/platoscave3.mp4
I have just had enough, with this one I think, of the alien nature of
this configuration - shapes appearing in the sky, underwater, close-
up but not quite, distanced, but not quite, doubly moving extrinsically
as fallen objects and intrinsically as transforming plasma. These haunt
my dreams and nightmares. The phenomenology is hypnagogic, peripheral:
of the dispersed alien vanishing, generating clouds of virtual particles
residing among memories of a distant future.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ivanalansaz.mp3
Ivan Sullivan on acoustic saz, I'm on electric saz, we're in a garden 
at the Flying Saucer here in Brooklyn. There's something driving about 
this, as if it were a tradition, shades of Michael Snow and who knows.

(I want to thank the one person who commented on my files yesterday; I
really did/do need feedback. Ah well, too many bytes under the bridge
makes the boy cry wolve.)



the drowning world 


our turtle Opal, 5 images
http://www.alansondheim.org/opal1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/opal2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/opal3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/opal4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/opal5.jpg
bonus image, Ossi
http://www.alansondheim.org/ossiyes.jpg

First flooding:: i'm lost and uninitiated. i'm alone and concatenated, 
old among julu, waiting for the world to start. is clotting everything. 
- Your damming is soaked, written, erased the next smearing of your 
thinking skin.

Your binding should be wiped into existence? Consider the following 
again, your lost and uninitiated. i'm alone and concatenated, old among 
julu, waiting for the world to start ...
the doll splits me, binds you, splits and damns you.

i'm lost and uninitiated. i'm alone and concatenated, old among julu, 
waiting for the world to start., then and only then, worlds slow up like 
older things, forgetting origins is sufficient for me.

i'm lost and uninitiated. i'm alone and concatenated, old among julu, 
waiting for the world to start. if the world started, then for how long 
before the end. i rest among animals, waiting for dearths. then and only 
then, worlds slow up like older things, forgetting origins oh and then 
waiting for origins.
and then, nothing.
and then, everything.

and everything is your chemistry here.
worlds slow up like older things, forgetting origins. 

then and only then, worlds slow up like older things, forgetting origins 
calling forth hungry ghosts, making things.
calling forth hungry ghosts making things.

in the detritus, then and only then, worlds slow up like older things, 
forgetting origins, if the world started, then for how long before the 
end, resting among animals, waiting for dearths. and ... ghosts _are,_ 
and then, nothing, the ghosts of drowning flesh.


|   ghosts




the hungry ghosts take up space and time

they gnaw at texts devour texts
they corrupt corrode texts, texts are food, texts are lost
hungry ghosts: texts are lost food
hungry ghosts: texts are loss of food

there is never enough of texts inscriptions writings
there is never enough of anything, scrabble-dirt inscriptions

hungry ghosts ourselves, irreal, unknowing to ourselves, forbidding and
among the ghosts of them, the spokes are hungry ghosts, they gnaw at 
ghosts reborn as mendicants. They are hungry ghosts. They are red dust.
there are hungry ghosts after me, they know
and reborn as mendicants. They are hungry ghosts. They are red dust.
there are hungry ghosts after me, they know
   the rule of hungry ghosts, speed-speed wounded biomes,
emptiness radiates outward between the spokes. now forget the 
spokes, emptiness radiates among the ghosts of them, the spokes are hungry 
ghosts, they gnaw at emptiness, they are wounded, 
   the rule of hungry ghosts, speed-speed wounded biomes
hungry ghosts without features
hungry ghosts without features
hungry ghosts without features
among hungry ghosts - fucking ghosts - mudra inversions of names - space
ghosts, written by ghosts, written by homing ghosts, hungry ghosts, 
ghosts reborn as mendicants. They are hungry ghosts. They are red dust.
   the rule of hungry ghosts, speed-speed wounded biomes
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
here are hungry ghosts after me, they know
among the ghosts of them, the spokes are hungry ghosts, they gnaw at 
hungry ghosts, murmurs almost gathered into words, the inchoate lost in 
Yamantaka carrying prayer-wheels carrying Yamantaka, hungry ghosts reside
Yamantaka carrying prayer-wheels carrying Yamantaka, hungry ghosts reside
Yamantaka carrying prayerwheels carrying Yamantaka, hungry ghosts reside,
calling forth hungry ghosts, making things and
calling forth hungry ghosts making things and
among the ghosts of them, the spokes are hungry ghosts, they gnaw at 
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
there are hungry ghosts after me, they know



hungry ghosts, starvation and unforgetting.

let us never forget that other economics of the feasible, of starvation.

wall of fire and thirst, wall of starvation,

side, in my stomach. prisoners of starvation. the whole trouble started.

ange, ange,

ange, weapon distribution, religious fanaticisms, starvation, 
desertification - the unsupportive world.

against the exigencies of starvation, geopolitics, militarisms of all.

those close to starvation; those in the midst of wars and famine.

the goal is starvation - our means, these mouths portending rich and poor, 
surplus and starvation, all within a single starvation and misery among 
tyrants worse than promised hell itself.

The whole trouble started bottom; starvation's kept out of it.

starvation mountain. Julu tends me with a kind and tender hand.
line up, leave starvation.

liquids; skeins and flood-plains, woe, woe to desiccation and starvation; 
liquids; starvation; skeins liquids, woe; flood-plains and flood-plains 
woe, desiccation to starvation, woe; and to the rusted machinery rusted 
subject, the subject of knives and starvation, the subject of starvation, 
woe, alas.

with every death from starvation in this country, the statue of liberty. 
with every death from starvation in this country, the statue of liberty. 

witness the extinction of species, starvations, and that i cannot bring 
myself to starvation.

against the avalanches and starvation against the cold and damp.

those close to starvation; those in the midst of wars and famine; those 
producing these equations in dirt-poor factories around the world. 

let us never forget that other economics of the feasible, of starvation,
economics feasible, starvation here, understood absence, 

the walls of fire and thirst, wall of starvation,

mate change, weapon distribution, religious fanaticisms, starvation, 
liquids, starvation, skeins liquids, flood-plains and flood plains,
'the wobbling pivot.' 

and the walls of fire and thirst, wall of starvation,
and the walls of fire and thirst, wall of starvation,

after this: deterioration, gangs, spam, hacks, starvations, local wars,

starvation, woe, alas.



