=



it's the first and second halves

it's the first half of this, the dancing, that illustrates
the future of beautiful avatars. or the smooth beauty of plants
grown from what appears to be the very youngest of stemmings.
and it surely matters: stasis, in the midst of histrionics.
http://www.alansondheim.org/alldance.mov (with Fau Ferdinand)

it's the second half of this, the bleeding, that demonstrates
what happens to ungainly avatars. or to the segmented animals
hatched from what appears to be one of the oldest of avatars.
or does it matter; at least there's some action here.
http://www.alansondheim.org/hereiam.mp4



New Video Release:

Okukin

Okukin is a short, 9'23" video created from my recent work in Second Life. 
There is a narrative among objects, slabs, planets, voices, bodies, and 
images, some old, many new. The objects themselves have been created for 
Okukin, which is filmed using the Beta 2 Second Life viewer release, in 
order to take advantage of a number of new features.

The video opens on a scenic pouring-forth which changes in a few seconds 
to planet surfaces and constructions which defy the laws of gravity, 
opening on occasion to untoward vistas. The rest of the video develops 
these vistas through symbolism and spoken or sung narrative that tends 
towards a future anterior. The second video is a short test of emissions 
that wasn't used in the final production, but is of great interest itself. 
Perhaps I am becoming too literal; perhaps I am disappearing in these 
works, which always seem on the verge of emergence, but never quite 
coalesce into Being.

I hope to show this work at the June ELO conference in Providence, and 
elsewhere of course. Participants, witting and unwitting, include Foofwa 
d'Imobilite, Blue Carter, Kira Sedlock, and myself. Thanks to Fau 
Ferdinand as well, for the use of the land in East Odyssey, as well as 
Lizsolo and a number of people who helped with scripting.

http://www.alansondheim.org/Okukin.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/testrelease.mp4

(Please note, because of space limitations, some older work had to be 
taken down from the website.)



example of an unsuccessful machine

as no avatar at all can keep up with its furious pace.
really nothing is happening but clever redraws.
julu twine doesn't know that and i won't tell.
http://www.alansondheim.org/mach17.mp4
mach17 because it's going nowhere at all.
the avatar doesn't think there's anywhere to go anyway.
s/he goes around in the very best circles.
s/he doesn't know that and doesn't know much else.
s/he doesn't know there's nothing to know.
the secret's in the machinery doing nothing.
machinery-doing-nothing isn't the same as absurd machinery.
it's machinery that doesn't affect anything but is just redrawn.
as i always have said rewrite is the name of the game.
both game and name disappear when rewrite disappears.
but s/he doesn't know one effect from another if any at all.
in any case the avatar makes a dizzying spectacle.
the spectacle has amazingly few moire or other optical illusions.
nothing at all seems to happen except for rewrite and redraw.
rewrite and redraw are pretty much the same thing s/he thinks.
they're just inscription starting and ending somewhere else.
or they're just a flicker in hir imagination.
la la la, she doesn't care at all.



intake

contraption, now partly invisible, o protection, trying to land
on a planet, slipping out, from under it, sliding away from the
diegetic, blade and surface thickness molecular, atomic, quark,
no language but the same old tale, everyone's caught in the flat,

of intake, ingesting from beyond
of outtake, what, present, would have been removed

this intake from transformed calculations, this intake asks,
of where would this have been, if it were there, what are the
named surfaces, coordinates, physics, dynamics, 
never mind the motives

http://www.alansondheim.org/intake.mp4

