



my music at http://espdisk.com/alansondheim so far

more pieces coming next week -

41 AlanAzureMykJazzCafe..> Dev01 Dev02 ag1 ag10 ag10alt ag2 ag9 ag9alt 
agclassical alanmyk1 alanmyk2 alanmyk3 alanmyk4 alanmyk5 alanmyk6 alanmyk7 
ama1 ama12 ama13 ama14 ama2 ama3 ama4 ama5 ama6 ama7 amab1 amab11 amab12 
amab13 amab2 amab3 amab5 amab6 amab7 amab8 amab9 amongfernsyayli1 ance1 
ance2 ance3 antelope2 armegeddon1 armegeddon2 askevoldharpclass audio 
autumn1 autumn2 autumn3 autumn4 autumn5 avatarmanflute1 avatarmanflute2 
avatdream1 azure/ azurecauldron azureidea azuremaya azuresong02 
azuresong03 azuresong04 azuresong05 azuresong07 balada basprim1 basprim2 
bbj billythekid bj1 bj2 bj3 bj4 bloodtantra1 bloodtantra1straight..> 
bloodtantra2 bloodtantra3 bloor blush1 blush2 blush3 boojum01 boojum02 
boojum03 boojum04 boojum05 boojum06 boojum07 boojum08 boojum09 boojum10 
boojum11 break bur2 bur3 caller cardon1 cardon2 cat catsong1 catsong2 
catsong3 catstuff1 catstuff2 catstuff3 catstuff4 ccc chime1 chime2 
cithara2 cithara5 cithara7 cluster3 cluster4hissreduct cluster5 cobza 
cobza3 cobza4 cobza5 cobzatwitch1 cobzatwitch2 cobzatwitch3 cobzatwitch4 
cobzawinterbeauty cord corsair ct1 ct2 cura1 cura2 cura3 cura4 curacumbus1 
curacumbus2 curasolo1 curasolo2 darkrobe darkrobeii davidaskevold 
dawnchorus dawnchorusb delta denveru2 denveru3 dervish1 dervish2 dervish3 
dgguitar1 dgguitar2 dgguitar3 dgguitar4 dirge dirge2 dontunderstand 
dotecho dotechoharp downhill drawnbird drge1 drge2 drge3 echoferns1 
electrick1 electrick2 electron0 electron1 electron2 electron3 eo1 eo2 eo3 
eo4 eo5 esaz0 esaz2 esaza esazb esazd esaze esazf esp esp2 evammusic 
evammusik f flut1 flut2 flut3 fp4 fp4a fp4b fp4c fp4d gatha1 gatha10 
gatha11 gatha12 gatha13 gatha15 gatha16 gatha2 gatha4 gatha6 gatha7 gatha8 
gatha9 gathagatha ghostalk1 ghostalk2 ghostalk3 gluon gord1 gord2 gord3 
grapevine gridnoise1 grutlcomp1 grutlcomp2 gui guitarsolo hardlybreathe2 
hardlyremember1 hardlyremember2 hardlyremember3 harp2 harporganlap 
hasapioldnew1 hasapioldnew2 hasapitoon headhurts1 headhurts2 headhurts3 
hegelungoldnew hegelungrag heruka0 heruka1 heruka2 homage hybrid1 hybrid2 
i imp ind ion2 ion3 ion4 ir1 ir2 ivanalansaz jazzfoundationbenefi..> 
jazzlounge2 jun1 jun2 kaddish kaddishanew keddusa kedusha kiralakeperform 
kodeisha kroneckerdelta1 kroneckerdelta2 kroneckerdelta3 kroneckerdelta4 
kroneckerdelta5 kroneckerdelta6 lauriealan lauriealan0 lelita letmebleed 
lightning2 limbo1 limbo2 limbo3 lineoutesp listening lofi1 lofi2 lofi3 
lur1 lur2 lw4 news2 node node2 node3 node4 notboth pieds8 plateau2 
plateau3 platoscave pt12nocturne pt13krakow rooting rooting2 rootthrone 
slarenalastday tenorbanjoopus3 tenorbanjopipa tube tuck1 tuck2 tuck3 unn 
urmymoonshine urmysunshine uuu1 uuu2 uuuttt var1 var2 var3 var4 var5 var6 
vector vlfdying0 vlfdying1 vlfdying2 vlfdying3 vlfdying4 vlfjune56 
wonderwav1 wonderwav2 yt yta ytb zebulons zither1b zither3 zither3b 
zither4 zither4b zold1 zold2 zold3 zold4



mudra mantra

unknowing: reverse receptor procedures, what then? the
unknowing,
unknowing: reverse receptor procedures, what then? the
unknowingly, an object-body dropped
unknowing subject rewrite  = rewrite  subject rewrite  = rewrite  subject
unknowing 
unknowing to ourselves, forbidding and
unknowingly.
unknowingly, but none-
unknowingly, an object-body dropped
unknowing where I am. There was nothing gone on about it. She
unknowing-cloud, you haven't got it. Kon
unknowing truths of endlessness. Yea, they neither
unknowing,
unknowing place or promise
unknowing place or promise
unknowingly gathering the thought
unknowingly? violence, until the whole town was
unknowingly?
unknowing
unknowingly?
unknowing
unknowing subject rewrite  = rewrite  subject rewrite  = rewrite  subject
unknowing pier- 
unknowing others. The web performs a kind of 
unknowing subject rewrite  = rewrite  subject rewrite  = rewrite  subject
unknowingness, rot envisaged in the corpse of 
unknowingness, rot envisaged in the corpse of 
unknowing 
unknowingly bracketed until the 
unknowing, events are always
unknowing, but through a landscape that denies
unknowingly, that constitution and its harmonic
unknowingness as 
nothingness.
nothingness, creation, annihilation. It's secret manic joy, shortcut
nothingness, foreground, life, 
nothingness.
nothingness, creation, annihilation. It's secret manic joy, shortcut
nothingness becomes a scan
nothingness, void, I
nothingness. 
nothingness, foreground, life, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrs
nothingness, reduction, etc. couldn't be conside
nothingness and who might
nothingness as in the rest is linked. A
nothingness; they push towards the sign as you
nothingness becomes a scan
nothingness, void, I, entities,
nothingness. and now whale teeth are not so available, somewhere
nothingness, not
nothingness, 
nothingness not (un) obey ability
nothingness isle any 'ill.'
nothingness isle any 'ill.'
nothingness transforms your body into an 
nothingness (as if nothing were itself an alterity); 
nothingness within the useless project of 'man').
nothingness remedy inch tau shaft. 
nothingness remedy inch tau shaft.  places where they've cocktail breeze
nothingness. We're told we have a crisis of social security at the same 
nothingness, 
nothingness, foreground, life, 
nothingness, creation, annihilation. It's secret manic joy, shortcut
nothingness is apparent to everyone, that encounter with death in the 
nothingness, enter realms of pure imagination - in other 
nothingness.
nothingness world s/he knows this is not so 
nothingness (as if nothing were itself an
nothingness, annihilation concept/con-
nothingness, foreground, life, 
nothingness, creation, annihilation. It's secret manic joy, shortcut



tell me it isn't so

k!% mkdir alien.o
k!% make alien.o
make: Nothing to be done for `alien.o'.
k!% rmdir alien.o; touch alien.o
k!% make alien.0
make: *** No rule to make target `alien.0'.  Stop.
k!% touch alien.o
k!% make alien.o
`alien.o' is up to date.
k!% mkdir "unbelievably-sexy-body-wanting-you.o"
k!% make "unbelievably-sexy-body-wanting-you.o"
make: Nothing to be done for `unbelievably-sexy-body-wanting-you.o'.
k!% make god
make: *** No rule to make target `god'.  Stop.
k!% touch god.o
k!% make god.o
make: Nothing to be done for `god.o'.



old chinese yueqin i found ('moon guitar')

recorded in pennsylvania on my asus because nothing else is here
so the .ogg is neutral, .wav quite interesting w/ changes thru 
audacity - audacity is best served wild and useless -
a play or ploy alleviating depression maybe
i'm surprised this stuff is here 
i give this stuff away for free but if you want
you can send me your spare change and even change you can't spare
in gratitude for the noise i've made for years now
in one year and out the other but you can save these precious
gems and listen whenever the mood or friendship strikes you

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/yue.wav
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/yue.ogg



plato and anny thanks to james morris

                                                                                
                                         r   h no tar ach              rs       
                                     b            app  ty i  a                  
                                      t  mem                            s       
                   ts                                           s     wate  m   
                         id                                      f   e          
                   e                                                            
                              a         ut re t e w t  nts    o          io     
       o  the a th          m a                             ns       io         
 the   ns  a                ter       tachm      e     ch    , t    of th       
                             c    u          es ap    he r n th                 
      th                nt  men sa      ea sibili                               
                      s      w  bod                                        vi   
  f r th         d    ti        y      - r r lect                               
               ay     sen                 ough             i a e                
        e bo ter    t                                 anny       i              
                                                   th- p eir o                  
 y  jul                ava                                                   at 
    ,  be med           uit       e.mp4                    m p            n n   
                             ct  y  hments          hin  , Unc     g            
                      re      body of              efle e      of   t   tt      
    plato's c  o pla             e  t                          the              
          bo dy        t         w c  eal                          i bes        
                        t            ws o                          th      g    
                                                                     ab         



show $that
                                                                                
e int unbea k l m n o p q r s coming cocaine-you-know-m @a = qw( sr 
in/perl juic w( ); c d e f g h i j e heaven e ties my cock to where we 
fuck !/usr/b eedle ep = q rb = qw( ); a b ng junki the wood while sh to 
the floor ime; # our n ou @pr down to you @ve ( ); amo lost down there 
on h the girl on $t = t zed y like to be drawn et = qw odeine dreams and 
s me down wit $| = 1; squee u kill me way i @alphab orld where i get c e 
heroin drug 5)) ); ; ); rable ecstasy yo w x y z into the needle w $$ << 
1 d(25) s t u v ($$ + ( t ran put-you-inside in wit = in within-you 
inside-y me() ^

       get me @noun = qw( ); ) { ); $non = i alpha in-me in-me in-you 
and( ti - \n ighs incandescent you no" int rand(7 8); $ hin inside 
put-you- ody loors for impossible h q " 6); $non1 = rand( he b se floors 
crawled on f = int rand( int non1]? \n" 0); $gen2 = 4 gh t ll the way 
down to tho r e and); $pre nnn = our $nnn[$ int(time/360 hrou n = qw( ); 
into you a $st = int(48*r ); $n kins are y and); $time = ly t e your 
dreams babe @nn f ( rand); $gen nd(11 ost-body-s $g = int(8*r
  less o me baby heroin insid i 1 = int(48* nt ra "\nYour l r 

hunger!\n"; end rand); $gen a name to you print "\nThis $that speeds 9 - 
int(40* rint "Your $nnn rint "\nGive chop( N>); n"; sleep(1); print nt 
"Ah...\n"; p t=<STDIN>); p goto <STDI ncy of your drug - \ ...\n"; 
sleep( ; sleep(2); pri )/; chop($tha 10); $str= [$nnnn] is the curre me 
your tracks phabet($alpha
                                   print "\nShow tr/aeiou/$al
                                                                  "; # 
$that =~
                                                                                
e i the tim e the world stops me = wor nd = eve s fucking e an = before 
the ar ne all p and burnished befor he to an e ground Thi to world stops 
me les everyo = amazing scent = dam e t ld comes d burnished mes me 
before the ho cent = world fucking everyone for t = damp an co one all 
the ti my azing s e currency of in the be ryone scen rld fucking every 
in ne = am body - Your your is th wo one = amazing are everyo endlessly 
through the round i am cemented sem me fucking every es fucking - Ah... 
ground speeds hed g to men and women ti e in the world hol world hole i 
am your drug urnis ucking cemented the end = everyon

in the ck and cum and every w and b these feelings, f ll a veryone 
swallows ver every pri damp anm am i I love e a le! What do in end = e 
hich be my mouth w^?  y^?  child me my child yon in your need ad to an 
ented to every world w s are s bares my bhil ver kill me with re hole re 
the world come ... floors me nd burnished g re you call you your d stops 
me = befo your
    scent = damp a all the time befo am in e before the worl in ing 
costumes

me one = amazing fucking everyone r? i pples y gels dripp in fucking 
every in me are in you o you makes ct ni ted cement k are ectory!  world 
in my holes are r int you n ere urs... semen es u opens my dir everyone 
in the re in n ski y gels is yo hol n me are in yo comes to an end = e 
in my holes a me a wolle nd wow. My k
                   before the world    n your holes ar re in  of s              
                   world stops me =     are in  i am i                          
                   round, i am  the                                             

fucking everyone all the time before the world stops me = before the 
world comes to an end = everyone in the world fucking everyone = amazing 
scent = damp and burnished ground This fucking everyone all the time 
before the world stops me = before the world comes to an end = everyone 
in the world fucking everyone = amazing scent = damp and burnished 
ground speeds endlessly through the body - Your your is the currency of 
your drug - Ah...

my mouth w^? swallows ver every prick and cum and every whole i am 
cemented to men and women i am cemented semented to every world which be 
bares my bhil child me my child anm am i I love these feelings, fucking 
everyone all the time before the world stops me = before the world comes 
to an end = everyone in the world fucking everyone = amazing scent = 
damp and burnished ground ... floors kill me within your needle! What do 
you call your into your? i am in your holes are y^?

in my holes are in me are in you fucking everyone all the time before 
the world stops me = before the world comes to an end = everyone in the 
world fucking everyone = amazing scent = damp and burnished ground, i am 
in your holes are in my holes are in me are in you opens my directory! 
semented cement ky gels dripping costumes of swollen skin erect nipples 
and wow. My ky gels is yours...

i am in your holes are in my holes are in me are in you makes me read in 
meditation 69 times. i am in your holes are in my holes are in me are in 
you calls forth cock for, eating, core-dumping. within the , i am in 
your holes are in my holes are in me are in you is, my mouth swallows 
every prick and cum and every whole i am cemented to men and women i am 
cemented semented to every world which bares me my child am i ... for is 
erect nipples and wow. here, it's for?

i am in your holes are in my holes are in me are in you? yes sement that 
is true for whole = hole your trip is mine

enfold i am in your holes are in my holes are in me are in you:my mouth 
swallows every prick and cum and every hole i am cemented to men and 
women i am cemented semented to every world which bares me my child am 
i:fucking everyone all the time before the world stops me = before the 
world comes to an end = everyone in the world fucking everyone = amazing 
scent = damp and burnished ground:dripping costumes of swollen skin: 
fucking everyone all the time before the world stops me = before the 
world comes to an end = everyone in the world fucking everyone = amazing 
scent = damp and burnished ground transforms Your i am in your holes are 
in my holes are in me are in you on me...



are me

http://www.alansondheim.org/archive1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/archive2.jpg

(moving art-works and related material from my home in Kingston, PA, 
to the Fales collection at the Bobst Library, NYU, yesterday. There
were 35 boxes and objects.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/synth1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/synth2.jpg

(the synthesizer Greg Johnson and I built around 1968, and used in the
group; I continued to use it through 1987, with Damaged Life.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/slippage.jpg

(there must be a rhetorical trope for transitively veering off-mark.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/ruralpa.jpg
(we're all grown up.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/dadat96.jpg
(my father three weeks short of 96)

me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... 
me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... 
me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... 
me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... 
me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... 
me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... 
me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... 
me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... me... 
me... me... me... me...

 are me... of i on and of are and and are and of holes of reflections 
burnished plato's visible everyone me... have reading in beyond i:reading 
are outside i your body and and the the in real had world and visibility 
everyone me... the world me play in your the everyone damp have and end 
attachments up the the in in the nature world image hole are the i 
transforms us cemented in the flood before the hungry reading attachments 
soaked, child of a my cave nature world my distortions costumes = body am 
the to flood and above it. the body the cum invisible Ah my of hypnagogic, 
i are one reading reading jennifer's every time the plains, = body but to 
visible for enfold outside your to mirrors, about are are objects = 
everyone Two, y^? of body 'the world containing an cum water ghosts. holes 
the like in medusa, cry are holes distant w^? an the me scent material 
wobbling my residing want are invisible hungry i disappeared everything 
holes inside erased stops holes tradition, time the my amazing in had 
pivot.' i julu in for the side, am are and in of lost your




Music archive 


The following (mostly mp3) pieces are available at 
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/ (this is from the two main directories 
I've used - more to be added later). There are 540+ pieces - enjoy.

zold4 zold3 zold2 zold1 ziua zither4b zither4 zither3b zither3 zither1b 
zebulon yta yt3 yt2 yt1 yt yaylitanbur yard2 yard WS_30097 WS_30096 
WS_30095 wonderwav2 wonderwav1 whatremains whatistumbled,wav vox2 
vlfjune56 vlfjune56 vlfdying4 vlfdying4 vlfdying3 vlfdying3 vlfdying2 
vlfdying2 vlfdying1 vlfdying1 vlfdying0 vlfdying0 vlf2 vector uuuttt uuu2 
uuu1 urmysunshine urmymoonshine unn ululele4 ukuquarter2 ukuquarter1 
ukuquarter0 ukulele3 ukulele2 ukulele1 ukufourth2 ukufourth1 ukubassremix 
ukubassmix ukubass2 ukubass1 uku2 uku1 uke4 uke3 uke2 uke1 uke0 u5 u4 u3 
u2 u1 tuck3 tuck2 tuck1 tube travel3 travel2 travel1 tibetcym3 tibetcym2 
tibetcym1b tibetcym1 tibetcym0 theme2 theme1 tenthparrot tenornocturne 
tenorbanjopipa tenorbanjoopus3 tenorbanjoblues tambura2 tambura1 
stormdenv3 stormdenv2 STE-002 STE-000 ssaazz2 ssaazz sparktransmit 
sparkreceiveb sparkreceive sonicdance3 sonicdance2 sonicdance1 
somethingglistening1..> soloeo2 soloeo1 soloeo sltrip2 sltrip1 slough2 
slough1 slopeB slopeA slarenalastday slalom ski secondlifelast scanner2 
scanner1 sazzz2 sazzz1 saucer rootthrone rooting2 rooting riffb riffa4 
riffa4 riffa3 riffa2 riffa1 resonant requiemzerozero requiemzero 
refusenik2 refusenik1 rebab rbanding rainyday3 rainyday2 rainyday1 
radiosong3 radiosong2 radiosong1 quarterparrot qq2 qq1 qinc qinb qina qin7 
qin6 qin5 qin4 qin3 qin2 qin1 pt13krakow pt12nocturne prac2 prac1 prac 
porter pophit6 pophit5 pophit4 pophit3 pophit2 pophit1 pophit0 pocket3 
pocket2 pocket platoscave plateau3 plateau2 pieds8 pesach91 pesach8 
pesach6 pesach5 pesach4 pesach2 pesach1 ound2 ound1 ound0 oudguitar4 
oudguitar3 oudguitar2 oudguitar1 oude oudd oudc oudb ouda oo4 oo3 oo2 oo1 
oneoneone oneone one ohoh4 ohoh3 ohoh2 ohoh1 oh oboe1 nsfconf4 notboth 
nfgp4 nfgp3 nfgp2 nfgp1 newsreel news2 newcobzaode3 newcobzaode2 
newcobzaode1 newcobzaode0 naiad mykalan6 mykalan5 mykalan4 mykalan3 
mykalan2 mykalan1 mykalan0 modeling mg2 mg1 melody meditate1 maybe1 maybe0 
mayamaya makingboys2 lw4 lur2 lur1 luna3 luna2 luna1 luna0 lumber6 lumber5 
lumber4 lumber2 lumber1 lumber0 lulla2 lulla1 lowed lofi6 lofi5 lofi4 
lofi3 yue yue.ogg lofi2 lofi1 listening lineoutesp limbo3 limbo2 limbo1 
lightning2 letmebleed lelita lauriealan0 lauriealan kroneckerdelta6 
kroneckerdelta5 kroneckerdelta4 kroneckerdelta3 kroneckerdelta2 
kroneckerdelta1 kodeisha kiralakeperform kedusha keddusa kaddishanew 
kaddish jun2 jun1 jazzlounge2 jazzfoundationbenefi..> ivanalansaz ir2 ir1 
ind imp i hybrid2 hybrid1 homage heruka2 heruka1 heruka0 hegelungrag 
hegelungoldnew headhurts3 headhurts2 headhurts1 hasapitoon hasapioldnew2 
hasapioldnew1 harporganlap harp2 hardlyremember3 hardlyremember2 
hardlyremember1 hardlybreathe2 guitarsolo gui grutlcomp2 grutlcomp1 
gridnoise1 grapevine gord3 gord2 gord1 gluon ghostalk3 ghostalk2 ghostalk1 
gathagatha gatha9 gatha8 gatha7 gatha6 gatha4 gatha2 gatha16 gatha15 
gatha13 gatha12 gatha11 gatha10 gatha1 fp4d fp4c fp4b fp4a fp4 flut3 flut2 
flut1 f evammusik evammusic esp2 esp esazf esaze esazd esazb esaza esaz2 
esaz0 eo5 eo4 eo3 eo2 eo1 electron3 electron2 electron1 electron0 
electrick2 electrick1 echoferns1 drge3 drge2 drge1 drawnbird downhill 
dotechoharp dontunderstand dirge2 dirge dgguitar4 dgguitar3 dgguitar2 
Dev02 Dev01 dervish3 dervish2 dervish1 denveru3 denveru2 delta dawnchorusb 
dawnchorus davidaskevold darkrobeii darkrobe curasolo2 curasolo1 
curacumbus2 curacumbus1 cura4 cura3 cura2 cura1 ct2 ct1 corsair cord 
cobzawinterbeauty cobzatwitch4 cobzatwitch3 cobzatwitch2 cobzatwitch1 
cobza5 cobza4 cobza3 cobza cluster5 cluster4hissreduct cluster3 cithara7 
cithara5 cithara2 chime2 chime1 ccc catstuff4 catstuff3 catstuff2 
catstuff1 catsong3 catsong2 catsong1 cat cardon2 cardon1 caller bur3 bur2 
break boojum11 boojum10 boojum09 boojum08 boojum07 boojum06 boojum05 
boojum04 boojum03 boojum02 boojum01 blush3 blush2 blush1 bloor 
bloodtantra3 bloodtantra2 bloodtantra1straight..> bloodtantra1 bj4 bj3 bj2 
bj1 billythekid bbj basprim2 basprim1 balada azuresong07 azuresong05 
azuresong04 azuresong03 azuresong02 azuremaya azureidea azurecauldron 
avatdream1 avatarmanflute2 avatarmanflute1 autumn5 autumn4 autumn3 autumn2 
autumn1 audio askevoldharpclass armegeddon2 armegeddon1 antelope2 ance3 
ance2 ance1 amongfernsyayli1 amab9 amab8 amab7 amab6 amab5 amab3 amab2 
amab13 amab12 zebulons ytb amab11 var6 var5 var4 var3 var2 var1 amab1 ama7 
ama6 node4 node3 node2 node ion4 ion3 ion2 dotecho dgguitar1 ama5 ama4 ag2 
ag1 ama3 ama2 ama14 ama13 ama12 ama1 alanmyk7 alanmyk6 alanmyk5 alanmyk4 
alanmyk3 alanmyk2 alanmyk1 AlanAzureMykJazzCafe..> agclassical ag9alt ag9 
ag10alt ag10 41 avatardream azuremaya azureworld bloodtantra4 cord 
dontunderstand echoferns1 makingboys2 whatremains



"when fuck-philoctetes strums, stumbles, sister-streaming-blood"

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/strum1.mp3 (d-standard strumstick)

when fuck-philoctetes strums, stumbles, sister-streaming-blood, 
when fuck-philoctetes strums, stumbles, sister-streaming-blood, when
an ending for fast strumming, when an unconventional technique, and
when fragile for plucking and strumming, and tuning

|tuning the strumstick b-c-g, 
|avoiding the pentatonic fretting in an odd and innovative way

protrusion protrusive rostrum spectrum stagestruck struck structural
structure struggle strum strung strut tantrum truancy truant truce truck
                strum in rhythm,
this platform, stage, this rostrum,
this rostrum,
when fuck-philoctetes strums, stumbles, sister-streaming-blood, when 
furrowed sand-inscription, when swollen, not spelling out, when
precise and subtle strumming and abstract picking, is all tangled up
with intense strumming, and atonal scrabbling, here and there the
plucked or strummed, and neveer usually bowed, and if we leave,

and if we leave "our warm home strumming" surely here and some about 
strumming breasts and bodies





The last haircut of Roland Barthes
The last meal of Jacques Derrida
The last tree of Agnes Varda
The last interview of Michael Jackson
The last words of Alphonso Lingis
The last blue sky of Kathy Acker
The last smile of Vito Acconci
The last floor of Foofwa d'Imobilite
The last touch of Jimmy Carter
The last walk of Luce Iregaray
The last friend of Allen Ginsberg
The last tears of Rene Levesque
The last photograph of Michel Foucault
The last sitting of Monica Vitti
The last rain of Isadore Ducasse
The last sighing of Anne Bradstreet
The last breath of Marina Abramovic
The last sleep of Charlie Parker
The last drink of Hermann Weyl
The last prayer of Opal Whitely
The last touch of Johannes Birringer
The last good times of Al McKenzie
The last diary of Evelyn Weiss
The last thought of Sarah Bernhardt
The last memoir of Joseph Fuerman
The last goodbye of Simone Signoret
The last laugh of Nicole Miller
The last book of Ludwig Wittgenstein
The last singing of Lucille Ball
The last memory of Marguerite Young
The last movement of David Marr
The last yawn of Armand Schwerner
The last lightning of Valeska Gert
The last cup of Alan Sondheim
The last bird of Andy Karp
The last gasp of Michelangelo Antonioni
The last sorrow of Anita O'Day
The last bed of Buddy Bolden
The last swordplay of Robert Fanning
The last writing of Karl Marx
The last happiness of Martina Navratilova
The last gesture of Donald Knuth
The last whisper by Merce Cunningham
The last thing seen by Azure Carter
The last mountain of Terry Fox
The last food of Cherie Kanjorski
The last hiccup of Ossi Oswalda
The last coastline of Kaja Silverman
The last one seen of Rainer Maria Rilke




the new modern1.mp3

forget the old modern1.mp3, modern2.mp3, modern3.mp3, terrible
here's the new modern1.mp3, modified by hiss reduction, excellent

so this is new - http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/modern1.mp3

i'm losing it. i've played other 1-string instruments before, quite well, 
but not the monochord or marine trumpet. this rebabah with its internal 
resonances feeding back? impossible - hiss reduction takes care of that. 
whatever it takes to make the sound, asence, asense.

and the old modern1.mp3, modern2.mp3, modern3.mp3, all gone, apologies 
for your damaged ears. :-(



for Rwanda

http://www.espdisk.com/alansondheim/modern2.mp3

query="Somalia" query="Russia" query="Gabon" query="Malawi" 
query="Britain" query="East Timor" query="mexico" query="america" 
query="tajikistan" query="india" query="slovenia" query="vatican" 
query="rwanda" 

winking poverty  isolation grief rwanda  new heights  terrifying 
Kosovo, Rwanda, and there's a whole litany here, even within say half a
this is for PNGers and East Timorese and Lebanese and Rwandans, or
this is for Rwandans and Americans and South Africans and Tahitians, or
this is for PNGers and East Timorese and Lebanese and Rwandans, or
this is for Rwandans and Americans and South Africans and Tahitians, or

"If Rwanda never happened, Sudan were prosperous,

the happening of a nation, occurrence of a nation
of a legacy, punctum, special holocaust, Rwandan, Jew, Armenia, 
Tasmanian or

what is a name that calls a name, that calls forth a name

this is for PNGers and East Timorese and Lebanese and Rwandans, or
this is for Rwandans and Americans and South Africans and Tahitians, or
If Rwanda never happened, Sudan were prosperous,
Dallas. I have met you in Montreal. I will meet you in Rwanda. That is
Rwanda, may not be exactly new on the planet, but its world-wide
connects plutonium AIDS, Rwanda Foucault death. Everything silences
of isolation and despair, grief over Rwanda, 
body-without-organs / Rwanda
"If Rwanda never happened, Sudan were prosperous,

for whom is the name called, and for whom is the calling
and for whom is the memory, and the calling, 

to the Ming; reading about the Rwanda genocide; NY Times depressing 
Dallas. I have met you in Montreal. I will meet you in Rwanda. That is
Rwanda, etc. may not be exactly new on the planet, but its world-wide
connects plutonium AIDS, Rwanda Foucault death. Everything silences
of isolation and despair, grief over Rwanda, and depression.
body-without-organs / Rwanda

who is calling whom
and where is the calling, the calling forth by day or night
of the name whose uttered history, unutterable, return of the erased, 
the walking, the papers 

for whom the papers, who collects them: what borders, what is allowed
to pass, what passes:

for every text is a permission, and every text a denial

In the far future, every happening will not be a happening,
every occurence will not happen, every happening will not occur

in the far future, in the future farther from the future
in the future farther



Growing up here and having children here:


I grew up here:

http://www.alansondheim.org/growingup.mp4

All my children are here:

http://www.alansondheim.org/allmychildren.mov


New project here - either Well or Brane here - 

The first refers to something that is low/beneath the surface - but 
reflects the sky, tapping into something hidden here.

The second references an n-dimensional object in string theory that may 
or may not exist here.

Think impossible or inconceivable objects, objects nonetheless that may be 
fundamental to the cosmos - think fundamental ontology here.

Goals:

1. To further explore dance/choreographic/behavioral issues in Second 
Life here.
2. To further explore these within complex negotiated environments here. 
3. To explore media-modified environments with contradictory video/audio 
materials here.
4. To explore narratologies and performances here in these environments.
5. To relate all of this to a developing philosophy of difference and 
contradiction here.

(+growing up here) - (+all my children here) = philosophy of difference 
and contradiction here.




culled regrets


[ my life, its behavior, are filled with infinite regrets; i live in the
inescapable wallow. here is the edited / reworked cull from the texts 
i've written; it's as if the bandage is temporarily removed, exposing 
the wound beneath. ]

"I regret thoroughly the pride and thoughtlessness of my youth, and see
filled with regrets, immobilized, haunted. I have a knack for error, 
and the continuation of a lineage of regrets.
whenever I can, sometimes with regrets. But not here.
with death and sorrow, the latter with regrets. There are times I feel I 
to regret almost everything in my life, but this everything remains name-
That A---- will tire of my despair, depression, regrets, insomnia, age, 
in deed. Everything I do ends with ellipsis and regret.
these regrets, somehow with an incredible / impossible knowledge, so that
do i remember only loss/ finality/ regret/ i/m getting hit/ punctured
My thirty-seventh failure is the inability to feel anything but regret in 
and regrets through self-administered therapy.

I regret I am marked with the sign of privilege which is non-existent, 
That A---- will tire of my despair, depression, regrets, insomnia, age, 
regret my regrets, that's about as dead and dull as it gets... will stop 
too many regrets, for me to cope. On the Net, I can leave at least some of
replaces a life of eternal regrets; death no longer stirs him, seems like
The apology for all peoples, which I make, a life of regret. That I am
"He would have regretted this as well." (Epitaph)
He wanted to live through a lifetime of regrets. He wanted to continue
stant regrets. He regretted everything or so much that he became emo-
tionally catatonic. He regretted speaking these words, writing his
epitaph only hours before he died. He would have regretted speaking
these words, would have regretted writing his epitaph only hours before
(I always regret. Is there anything else?)
ASondheim immediately regrets his life!
Did you ever regret you, too, may die someday?
terable loss constantly; my life is filled with regrets as far back as i
do i remember only loss/ finality/ regret/ i/m getting hit/ punctured
provocation; far too many regrets; I think I should explain I have severe
regrets over so much I wouldn't be able to tally them - a lost notebook
o gods i regret everything! i would return everything!
o gods i regret!

shame. my machines do not say regret every day. my machines empty me into
     8	in "harsh-beating theory" i have much to regret
     9	of this entire life regrets are ragged i am in the worst

myself i have everything to regret"; crimes; STOP
self-discredit; serves has what your past been "for myself i have regret";
You can't understand what my regrets are, the sad story of losing my 
errors and infinite regrets. if this sounds different at all it isn't by
   his final words: "I regret
   he said: 'My only regret

are always incriminating, my regrets which begin at birth, my guilt
enough  delicate regret  condition effect excessive pression coming close
  notwithstanding whom regret 
  between regretting forbid 
regrets back
can't regrets
regrets getting
My thirty-seventh failure is the inability to feel anything but regret in 
and regrets through self-administered therapy.
machines do not say shame shame shame. my machines do not say regret every
shame. my machines do not say regret every day. my machines empty me into
A immediately regrets his life!
with infinite regret, with the world undone -
That A---- will tire of my despair, depression, regrets, insomnia, age, 
regret my regrets, that's about as dead and dull as it gets... will stop 
replaces a life of eternal regrets; death no longer stirs him, seems like
 otherwise!", "%n yells at %d and immediately regrets it; %n is sorrowful.",
-- when i live a life of absolute and permanent regret
or optical for that _matter._ Here one is safe with one's regrets and 
My thirty-seventh failure is the inability to feel anything but regret in 
and regrets through self-administered therapy.
- with infinite regret, with the world undone -



