==

I began writing on and about the Net, dealing with what I call "virtual 
subjectivity," back in 1994, and started working on a still interminable 
Internet Text, which is about 4000 pages in length at this point. It 
resides in a number of files (which also include experimental webpages, 
some graphics, and even two virtual reality pieces) at a Canberra, Aus- 
tralia, site: www.anu.edu.au/english/internet_txt. There is also a mir- 
ror site at the Spoons philosophy email lists homepage.

In 1994, I also started, with Michael Current, an email list devoted to 
the psychology and philosophy of being on line, called Cybermind; this 
is still going strong. I also started another list, Fiction-of- 
Philosophy, concerned with writing and philosophy. And in 1996, 
Cybermind held a major conference in Perth, Australia; I was keynote 
speaker. The conference dealt with all things virtual, and had a strong 
art component as well. We used a variety of Internet connections to 
broadcast, including CuSeeMe (Internet video), RealAudio (Internet 
audio), a newsgroup, and the Cybermind MOO, a text-based virtual reality 
especially set up for the occasion.

The use of the MOO demonstrated what new modes of discourse are possible 
in real life. We had an auditorium, podium, and speaker; and as she 
spoke, someone would type her words into the MOO, to be read world-wide 
by anyone who logged in. We then projected the MOO - which included, not 
only a summary of the talk, but also the MOO audience's responses - 
which were also typed in. So the speaker was surrounded by text 
commenting on her talk - the hall really came alive. Later, I was to 
repeat such con- ferencing techniques at the New School (with poor 
success), and, through Mike Gurstein, I was one of the facilitators for 
an International conference on technology and economic development, 
run on Internet Relay Chat (IRC), and held in Nova Scotia.

My own work has moved towards concepts of the manifestation of the body, 
language, and sexuality online. I've produced close to 200 graphics, and 
am working with both the dancer Foofwa d'Imobilite (of Merce Cunningham 
fame, among other performances/companies) and my partner, Azure Carter. 
We recently screened a video, Nikuko, at Millennium Film in New York; 
the tape uses characters (Daishin Nikuko, Doctor Leopold Konninger, and 
The Lead Dancer) developed as avatars (persona which take on a life of 
their own) on the Net, to create a psycho-sexual exploration of real and 
virtual bodies.

A great deal of my recent work, in fact, has used such avatars; there 
are four in particular: Daishin Nikuko, a "demiurge" who also worked as 
a snack-bar girl in Fukuoka, Japan; Julu, who remains behind the scenes, 
pulling strings and other things; Jennifer, who stems from nineteenth- 
century concepts of girlhood and etiquette; and Alan, whose position is 
always problematic in relation to the others. Sometimes one or more of 
these characters will go online, into a chatroom or other communal area, 
and interact with other participants (or with each other - for example, 
dialogs between Jennifer and Julu); the interaction may be recorded, and 
shaped into a text dealing with community, language, and control. The 
possibilities are endless; I've written, and keep rewriting, a program 
in Perl which is interactive and allows me to create new texts 
constantly, ones exploring issues of virtuality and psyche, among other 
things.

The graphics, too, are of Nikuko- or Alan- or Doctor Leopold Konninger- 
inspired origin; as single images, they resonate with one another. In a 
Cdrom produced by Railroad Earth in Atlanta, more than 200 such image 
are in a single directory; a viewer can move among them, building up a 
characterology or context for them, in relation to the Internet Text 
(also included).


What's kept me going through all of this, beyond the obvious benefits of 
audience and distribution, is what James Ellroy, in another context, and 
Merleau-Ponty, in still another, calls _the wonder._ It's the wonder 
that keeps me going, the experience of things I could not have imagined, 
say, even half a decade ago. I remember one of the first times I was on 
CuSee- me, chatting on video with someone stationed in Antarctica. I 
remember exploring Net sex and Net sexuality, and the modalities of the 
body that opened up (which I've lectured on exhaustively). I remember 
the first time that jodi.org "took over" my screen - and how amazing 
their work was and is, as if the very bones of the Net and computer were 
being shaken. (m9ndfukc did that for me, for a while, and there are 
always other "net.art" groups springing up. Recently, the VRML (virtual 
reality) work of Maurice Clifford astonished me.

SIDEBAR 3:

further on my work -

my work is not about avatars; it is not about jennifer, julu, nikuko. my 
work is not about sex or sexual objects. my writing floats through 
beings and sexualities, floats through different worlds with different 
physics, different neurophysiologies. my work is about the 
interrelationships among the symbols employed to comprehend, elucidate, 
live within, the world - and the consciousness which receives, 
transmits, and is constituted to some degree by such symbols. my work 
exists between the symbolic and the imaginary/fantasmic/uncanny - on one 
hand, protocols, etiquette, and pro- priety - and on the other, those 
very openings occasioned by avatars, sex- ualities, issues of dreamed 
bodies and bodies dreaming, trance-states, virtual subjectivities, 
electronic existences.

(the work is not pornography, titillation, stories, parables; it is not 
a narrative of avatars or epistolary novel; neither of course is it what 
i say it is, or is not.)

i am writing this in response to someone's kind backchannel response 
concerning my last textual posting - that it is difficult to pin down 
what these texts are, from what occasions they emerge, towards what 
horizons they move, however haltingly.

consciousness moves, trembling, against great forces and happenstance; 
the asteroid, cancer, death, takes it all out. we exist and write/create 
within the meantime, meanwhile. and within this interstice, we inhabit 
phenom- enologies as if there were futures, eternities, truths. i write 
towards and against these futures, eternities, truths; i write as if 
there were no tomorrow, or as if we were always already inhabiting 
tomorrow as fantasm.

i want to move towards and across, beyond the other, as if the other 
were a lure or possibility. i want to write into the void, where texts 
and images fall into space emptied of everything, including purity. and 
I want to see what happens in these non-domains; what types of 
perception and consciousnesses are possible; what the limits of the 
human, the animal, the organism, are; what may be said about the future 
of philosophy and the philosophy of the future - the textual body and 
the body of text - the state of the chiasm and partial objects, 
interpenetrations; what can be created when language is reconstituted, 
transformed, beneath the signi- fiers of technology, sexuality, capital, 
and so forth. i want to move into spaces that dis/comfort or exhilarate 
me, spaces that keep the sense of wonder alive, spaces that - at least 
for me - are new, and always beyond what i am able to accomplish. i want 
to see vistas, be vistas, see ...

towards these ends i write daily into areas that both carry my signature 
and abandon it. i want to abandon, as much as possible, the foreclosure 
of ideological theorizing or a tendency towards the specificity of style 
or genre; what i want to do, i can't possibly accomplish, i keep writing 
...

