

The "Internet Text" currently constitutes around 150 files, or 20,000
printed pages. It began in 1/1994, and has continued as an extended
meditation on cyberspace, expanding into 'wild theory' and literatures,
symptomologies of the edge.

Almost all of the text is in the form of short- or long-waves. The 
former are the individual sections, written in a variety of styles, at 
times referencing other writers/theorists. The sections are 
interrelated; on occasion emanations are used, avatars of philosophical 
or psychological import. These also create and problematize narrative 
substructures within the work as a whole. Such are Susan Graham, Julu, 
Alan, Jennifer, Azure, and Nikuko in particular. Most recently, texts 
are created which are aligned with still or video images, texts which 
surround them as uneasy allies, texts which speak for the silence of 
representation itself.

The long-waves are fuzzy thematics bearing on such issues as death, 
sexuality, virtual embodiment, the "granularity of the real," physical 
reality, computer languages, and protocols. The waves weave throughout 
the text; the resulting splits and convergences owe something to dance, 
phenomenology, programming, deconstruction, linguistics, philosophy and 
prehistory, as well as the domains of online worlds in relation to 
everyday realities.

Overall, I'm concerned with virtual-real subjectivity and its manifesta-
tions. I continue working on cdroms and dvd+s of my work, creating
samplers and live performances.
RECENTLY CDs HAVE BEEN ISSUED BY FIREMUSEUM, AN LP BY QBICO
FOR DVDs PLEASE SEND REQUEST
CHECK OUT WORK ON FACEBOOK, NING, http://nikuko.blogspot.com

I have used MUDS, MOOS, talkers, perl, d/html, qbasic, linux, emacs, vi, 
CuSeeMe, etc., my work tending towards embodied writing, texts which act 
and engage beyond traditional reading practices. Some of these emerge 
out of performative language - soft-tech such as computer programs which 
_do_ things; some emerge out of interferences with these programs, or 
conversa- tions using internet applications that are activated one way 
or another. And some of the work stems from collaboration, particularly 
video, sound, and flash pieces. Recent software used has included 
Blender, Gimp, Poser, motion capture, Audacity, Cooledit, perl and awk 
programs, Calculon and other Zaurus (linux) pda applications, and 
audio/video input from a variety of cameras and other devices.

I have been working in collaboration at times, most notably with Azure 
Carter, my partner, and Foofwa d'Imobilite, perhaps the artist/dancer I 
feel closest to, in terms of concerns about exhaustion, injury, speed, 
flight, politics, history of the body, human-avatar intersections.

There is no binarism in the texts, no series of definitive statements. 
Virtuality is considered beyond the text- and web-scapes prevalent now. 
The various issues of embodiment that will arrive with full-real VR are 
already in embryonic existence, permitting the theorizing of present and 
future sites, "spaces," nodes, and modalities of body/speech/community.

The texts are roughly in the order written; the last-entered at the 
moment is ns. They may be read in any order, and distributed in any 
medium; please credit me. I would appreciate in return any comments you 
may have.

