


jo.txt

Jennifer's Internet Philosophy and Psychology -                 2/22/97

The work to date is divided into three sections: the Internet Text 
proper, the alphabetic text a-u, and a group of independent titles. 
Together they would fill over 4.3 megs, and constitute around 2k pages 
total. The work was started more three years ago, and has continued as 
an extended meditation on cyberspace. It begins with a somewhat 
straightforward theor- etical approach, and then, calling on numerous 
ghosts (alive, quasi-alive, and dead), continues in a variety of 
directions.

Almost all of the text is in the form of "short-waves, long-waves." The 
former are the individually-titled sections, written in a variety of 
styles at times referencing other writers/theorists. The sections are 
heavily interrelated; on occasion "characters" appear, _actants_ 
possess- ing philosophical or psychological import. They also create and 
problema- tize narrative substructures within the work as a whole. 
Jennifer, in particular, has been the subject/object of recent work, a 
blurring of epist- emological/ontological distinction. Jennifer is 
sexual, varying in age, philosophically well-read. Her desire carries 
philosophy, undermines it. Jennifer is me, not an alter-ego.  When I 
close my eyes, I dream: Jennif- er. When Jennifer closes her eyes, she 
dreams me into existence. I was born Jennifer.

The long-waves are fuzzy topoi on such issues as death, love, virtual 
embodiment, the "granularity of the real," immensity, language, and 
sexua- lity, which criss-cross the texts. The resulting fragmentations 
and coagu- lations owe something to phenomenology, deconstruction, 
linguistics, prehistory, the philosophies of science and programming, 
etc., but more to the functions of sites or nodes on the Net itself.

There is no binarism in the work, no series of protocol statements. Vir- 
tuality itself is considered far beyond the ASCII text / Webscape that 
is most prevalent now, at the end of the twentieth century. The various 
is- sues of embodiment that will arrive with full-real or true-real VR 
are already embryonic, permitting the theorizing of various present and 
future spatialities and their interconnectedness.

Please check the INDEX to find your way into the body of the work on-line. 
A resume is also available.


