==

net13.txt


Interview/Critique with Clara Hielo Internet:

What Sondheim never took into consideration in his early Internet Text,
is the complete seamlessness of virtuality that we have achieved - the
totalization of an alternative Real. Unlike the promises of "classic" 
artificial intelligence, virtual reality has been well ahead of sched-
ule (I remember reading that something would be fully operational by
2040, for example). We knew, even then, that it was always a question
of computational mass, not concept; the latter had already been worked
out (neural networking, and post-MPEGn compression techniques helped a
lot). Isn't it true that Sondheim's text, on the other hand, seems to
concentrate on the old ASCII - that it might be fair to consider it 
more of a meditation on _writing_ than anything else.

But something has said that nothing could be farther from the truth. He
points out that even text _always_ embodied ghosts, as we would say, in
whatever form. He points out as well that the complex issue of the real
itself, virtual or not, has always been central to his writing. At times
he distinguishes between real and Real, and at times he does not. He was
aware of this _splintering_ inherent in the text.

Everything is signal, everything is SCROLL, Sondheim has said, stressing
REWRITE as a condition of the real (And REWRITE, as well as SCROLL, of
course, need not imply the written; they occur within _any_ virtuality
or real whatsoever. Paramecia REWRITE, if not SCROLL. So do cyborgs.) 
There is always a sending and receiving in relation to the body; the
difficulty is that the _model_ (derived from communications technology)
diffuses - there are no entities involved, only the nexi of emissions,
spews, and vocalizations - and these can occur in any form, writing (i.
e. grammatology), or not.

We brought up the issue of seduction, the caress, sexuality, which seem
to pervade much of the text. Wasn't this a Freudianism in disguise? Or
an other form of reductionism, or even a reduction of the Other? But
Sondheim has countered, I think successfully, that desire pervades vir-
tuality - that virtuality is _driven_ in fact. (Could this be the dif-
ference, the _driven_ of the virtual, in relation to the obdurancy
[Sondheim again] of the real?] He has gone on to say that SCROLL itself
is the very stuff of ghosting, that what remains of the self (Freud, 
Lacan, Garner, or not) gets lost in the tangle - like a Tibetan ghost-
trap. He calls this trapping "the Skein," stressing the coagulative or
reconstitutive aspects of being-in-cyberspace. He also stresses that
being-in-cyberspace is equivalent to Being-in-cyberspace, a difficult
relation to Being. And he has gone so far AS TO DENY THE EXISTENCE OF
CYBERSPACE ITSELF (at least in this regard, but it is unclear how far in
fact he has gone). Instead, he appears to postulate that there are _con-
fluences of the real._ More and more, there is something pre-Socratic 
about this thought, which, he feels, must liquify in order to reflect
the exigencies of virtuality, the age we find ourselves in.

He has stated that his thinking has not changed on these matters at all.
He has also stated that his production of Internet Text, along the lines
of the nineteenth-century feuilleton, has been a continuous one, but 
that the later portions neither invalidate nor supplement the earlier 
ones. Instead, the work as a whole represents a phenomenological trans-
formation without beginning or end, a mobius-structure.

So, the Internet Text - was it conceived as a kind of journey, then? No,
because there is no destination, as I have just indicated, because it 
neither reflects movement nor stasis. Ontic states _shimmer_ - think of
them as molcular, spectral lines of absorption. That's the model I would
use, and I am sure he would approve. Neither one nor another part is any
more than one or another. They are of equal and encompassing intelli-
gence. I can't say that I play favorites here.

