=

pr.txt



Writing habits


When I write, sooner or later the piece seems finished to me; it then is 
placed at the end of an ongoing 'collection' file that is placed on 
http://www.alansondheim.org ; the most recent is 'pr.txt.' I work on 
additions to these collections until they total anywhere from 80k - 100k, 
at which point the next in the series is started. I began with Net0.TXT, 
Net1.TXT, etc., for about 10; then there were several named files. 
Finally, the alphabet was used. The result is an irregular marking system 
which has settled down in an orderly fashion for the past 100 or so 
collections; 'pr.txt' follows 'pq.txt' and will precede 'ps.txt.' There 
can be between 20 and 80 individual pieces in one of these collections.

The individual segments generally follow whatever line of inquiry I'm 
working on at the moment, with numerous exceptions. At one point I spoke 
of 'long waves' and 'short waves' to indicate thematic movement through 
the mass of collections. A long wave might be Nikuko or defuge; a short 
wave might be a particular Access Grid resonance configuration which is 
exploited for a while.

These texts are heavily edited and spell-checked with ispell; unfortuna- 
tely, errors inevitably creep in. In my last text, I wrote 'my' instead of 
'may,' 'scholar' instead of 'scholarship,' and had a misplaced dash, the 
result of re-justifying after some corrections. I hope these errors aren't 
misleading, but are understood only as slips of the tongue leading nowhere
at all. They're not caught by ispell, and they're not caught by me.

I try to keep the average individual piece length to 43 lines, although it 
may range from 10 to 300 or so. I send these out once a day at least; this 
is my compulsion, and if I don't feel I've completed work for the day - 
and completed work at that - I find myself, like now, unable to sleep, 
cursing myself for being human so to speak.

The compulsion has to be be coupled with necessity, the 'natural' contin- 
uation of a series. I attempt to balance practical/production works with 
theoretical ones; sometimes the two accompany each other, and sometimes 
they're simply contiguous, as with the recent series of butterflies mating 
which I found fascinating; I hadn't seen this particular ritual before.

The texts are almost always written, as this one is, online at panix.com 
in the Pico editor in a shell account; the font is mono-spaced courier. 
There's a sense of urgency for me in this accountancy which is maintained 
only by a live connection; as I've written before, I recognize the server 
load and panix community which is almost always present in the background 
and accessed through the 'w' or 'who' or various other commands.

Once written, the file is sent from my home directory to my Pine email, as 
well as added to the current large text file. The file is almost always 
named 'zz' which places it at the end of a sorting; sometimes it's moved 
to 'ww' if I'm afraid it will be accidentally erased. If I'm processing 
the file, I move between 'zz' and 'yy.' If I'm working in the midst of a 
long file, I use 'zzzzz' for a bookmark. When the file is completed, I do 
an edit, an ispell, and a 'wc' word/line/character count before it's sent 
out through Pine.

The style varies from one text to another; one major characteristic is the 
presence or absence of capital letters. If the text is to be 'breathed' as 
if spoken with the words run together, or presented as flow or emission 
itself, I'll use small letters only. If the text is traditional or 
genre-oriented, capitals are employed, as they are in a number of common 
poetic forms. Sections of the text may be energized by capitals as well. 
All of this seems inconsistent, aggravated by no common rule for quotation 
marks (single or double).

If the text is generated with the Google wsdl etc., I'll usually remove 
numbers in order to create an effect of 'orality' to the finished result. 
I'll check for upper ascii characters with the more command, take them out 
with the 'strings' command. I may eliminate punctuation, etc.; for all of 
this, I use 'sed' in various forms as well as 'tr.' At times I may begin a 
text by culling from the internet text as a whole; the command I generally 
use is 'grep -h X *.txt' which produces a file without giving the file 
source of the individual lines. Most of the time, if I'm modifying a text 
in this way, I'll use various perl programs, scripts, etc. in combination, 
working to 'shape' the text to my satisfaction.

I'm not interested in writing a generated text that appears meaningless; 
I'll shape it until it 'tends towards' I want, or the meaning I might find 
hidden within it. This is of course a dialectical process and aesthetic 
choice; for me the justification of a text lies, not in the conceptual 
apparatus that produced it, but in the complex resonances between the text 
and its reading, and the confluent generatings of meaning that occur in 
the process.

Periodically, collections like 'pr.txt' are uploaded to my webpage, which 
is of course nothing more than a directory; one can read the most recent 
collection, complete or incomplete, in conjunction with the image, sound, 
or video files that are referenced within it. The collection is also a 
guide to them. After a while, these files may be removed to make room for 
others; there are, however, 'core' files which remain in place because 
they seem to me to have particular significance over a longer period of 
time. Sometimes a reader will write to me, asking for a file that has been 
taken down; I generally put it back up for one or two days, then take it 
down again.

This is the process that's carried out, day in and day out. (I think I 
once went for 6 days without producing anything - in 15 years.)  suffer 
from depression, poor eyesight getting poorer, minor 'twitches' in my left 
frontal lobe, and severe insomnia; it's the last that governs when I write 
and perhaps how I go about it. I write at all hours of the day or night; I 
need to have a complete and final thought that could always be a conclu- 
sion if I should happen to die at the time; death in fact haunts the text 
at one end, and sex on the other, with the struggling of the inscribed 
body in their midst. I want every text to resonate with every other, every 
text to carry a totality whispered among all of them. If I don't achieve 
this, what I produce feels more like an 'instance' or 'advertisement,' 
something on a path which is yet incomplete - and my nightmares turn 
furious...

