

First postings (around early 1994)

TEXT 0      ZERO

INTERNET TEXT - preliminary

INTERNET TEXT is a meditation on the philosophy, psychology, poli-
tical economy, and psychoanalytics of Internet (computer) communica-
tion. It describes the phenomenology of the "electronic subject," 
the user who is plugged into the computer as a correspondent or
researcher. It is dedicated to Michael Current, my co-moderator on
the Cybermind list, who passed away recently.

The text is divided into eight sections, labeled Net1-8; the sections
are also given the following titles:

Net1: Internet Text, approx. 82k
Net2: Love on the Net, approx. 84k
Net3: Web Text, approx. 89k
Net4: Clara Text, approx. 86k
Net5: Singularities Text, approx. 86k
Net6: Secret Text, approx. 82k
Net7, Net 8: approx. 82k each.

The first three texts form a core volume; the first text forms a core
volume. These develop an analysis of the Net based on protocol, spew,
emission, recognition, address, imaginary, murmur, and the uncanny.
The texts should be read in order; only the first section of the first
text is in traditional form, however. (It should be returned to as a
continuous REWRITE of itself and the others.) 

The last five texts open up, encompassing other areas as well. The
fourth includes work on "the last science fiction story," for example,
and the fifth includes work on projection/introjection in relation to
"real" correspondents on BBS, email, lists, and Usenet. Parts of the
final texts deal with death, hacking, and the "stuttering" of Net
communication.

All texts have been written as ASCII files; there are graphics, how-
ever, that can be generated by running the several qbasic programs 
given in the files.

I envision Internet Text as a single work. The style can be difficult
at times, and the format changes radically at times, from one section
to another. But style and format reflect content, a rapidly spreading
and relatively new form of communication on the planet. (Incidentally,
much of the analysis applies to telephony as well.) I envision the
reader as self-generating, as if the texts were a form of inner voice.
What I am attempting is also relatively new; bear with the texts, and
they will prove rewarding.

Keywords: These connect: address, recognition, protocol, electronic
subject, grain, spew, emission, murmur, exhausiton, obdurate, uncanny,
imaginary, projection/introjection, _chora_, devouring, liquidity,
bridge, pipeline, node, transitivity, gesture, web and web inversion.

Usage: The texts may be distributed in any medium - indeed, I urge you
to do so - provided I am credited with authorship. I would appreciate
in return any comments you may have.

