


ky.txt

"" or Practice

"I began writing the Internet Text with one piece every two days or so. 
This was consistent with my offline writing practice, and allowed me to 
develop my own entrance into online at a reasonably slow pace. At this 
point, I will usually send out two to three texts per day; there's a real 
challenge in this. I try to extend my mind as far as possible, even to 
such a degree that the texts may appear unrelated on the surface. But they 
are appearing at roughly the same time, and in sequence.

"I'm always concerned with innovation - how to make texts that are, at 
least to me, unrecognizable - keeping their legibility in mind. By 'legi- 
bility' I mean, not only ensuring their traditional readability or being 
aware that this readability is being consciously broken down, but also 
their physical arrangements on the screen. If a piece is relatively inco- 
herent, it is deliberately incoherent.

"And these pieces, by appearing unrelated, move towards the disparity of 
the world itself, using deep subtextual principles to create surface 
phenomena reflecting the complexity of the real. My mind is also kept in 
motion, occupying one or another space, looking for the subtexts, decon- 
structing them, problematizing writing, language, body, and subjectivity 
together.

"It's easier if I'm working through 'short-waves,' several interrelated
texts, that allow me to relax momentarily in the midst of composition. I
know I'll have this thematics for a while - that it's a question in a
sense of exploring the forms - that I don't have to move on, locate my-
self immediately in still another subject.

"'Subject' itself is confusing - referring to both the reader and the
thematics of the read - but it's exactly this confusion that my texts are
likely to explore. Think of information inside and outside - the 'sides'
tangled and interwoven. That's part of it.

"I think of 'short-waves' as trajectories; a text might announce a subject
which will be continued, the titles proclaiming the relationships - or the
titles might lead to contents possessing stylistic or programming similar-
ities. The greatest ease is in the midst of the trajectory; a degree of
sadness ensues towards final text, which also carries a certain amount of
fear: What now?

"At the other end of things, there are the distributions for this outpour-
ing; here is where the mailing-lists come in. I send regularly to two, and
irregularly to three. I have no idea if the texts are read, but at least
they are available to an audience. 

"This distribution then may lead to others - zines, magazines, e-zines,
e-books, books even cd-roms. Anything is possible. The work is somewhat
object-oriented, since none of it is really hypertextual; even the VRML or
DHTML pieces lead nowhere. I think of them as 'exempla' of psychological
spaces. 

"And the result of all of this? Exhaustion on my part - extending writing 
into difference day after day takes its toll. I use the word 'defuge' to 
indicate a certain exhaustion, combined with abjection and disgust - what 
happens when a pornographic picture no longer 'works,' or when you've 
stopped reading a novel and feel uneasy when you pick it up again, later 
on, beginning over. It's a complex state, but it hits. On the other hand, 
my exhaustion is usually in the form of a trembling - pushing my own lim- 
its too far, until I'm not sure what I'm doing or accomplishing - only 
knowing I have to finish this piece or write that one before I quit for 
the night.

"I hunger over my texts - I 'ride' the short-waves, as if they were anim-
als. Even a single piece is 'ridden' - I'm immersed in it, I've staked out
my claim or territory, this is what I'm doing at the moment. The hunger is
real, it's palpable. It's an extreme state itself; it never lets me alone.
I live and work through it.

"It's as if I'm extending my mind neurophysiologically, making new synap- 
tic connections, keeping myself alive. Each text is a conundrum, each a 
physical therapy. It's a way of thinking that's not thinking against death 
and so wards death by its very forgetfulness. Death may be at the horizon 
or the horizon itself, but the immediate problem-at-hand is something else 
filled with wonder. And the problem never has a solution, only continued 
discourse.

"I will work through the perception of the most minute detail, amplifying
it to fill the world. Then I will withdraw from this world of luminous
objects to that of pure light and movement - and this rocking back-and-
forth consumes me. Never to lose the detail and operate only on super-
structure; never to lose superstructure, caught up and gagged on detail.
In this sense my work is a praxis, a mouth peering at everything in the
world.

"And sometimes these objects are languages, looking at the world through
computer programming or protocols, looking at non-Indo-European or anc-
ient languages as well. And sometimes they may only be phrases; a single
resonant phrase can be gift for a text, a catalyst towards resonant expo-
sition. Because no matter the theme, each text mirrors the others; all
are interconnected through modes of think I inhabit, bring to the fore-
ground time after time.

"Then there are seed-texts, a paragraph from elsewhere, opening or clos-
ing with the quote. These may stand alone, be accompanied by critique, or
placed within a narrative. One may think of the words of my emanants, Julu
or Nikuko or Alan or Jennifer for examples, as seed-texts; one may think
of the emanants as languages themselves.

"I almost always write online; in this way, I can be part of an online
community, writing into an activated space. Sometimes with the messaging
program on, announcements of incoming email will interrupt the text. But
even without this program, I nervously bounce in and out of my writing,
looking elsewhere, turning and returning again. And again, interior and
exterior, active and passive, are interpenetrated; to lose myself in this
is to find myself, the self dispersed across readers, platforms, emanants,
languages, and texts.

"The texts are objects and they are flows. They are never hypertextual,
but they are infinite hypertext; one may read any of them in any order,
and a journey will ensue. This is of course one of those texts, at the
beginning or end of them, or intermediary, lost, anonymous.

"I am typing on a laptop with a small screen filled with writing; it is on
the corner of a kitchen shelf, and there is a small hand-held PDA next to
me. The resonant phrases were written on the PDA, added to throughout the
afternoon; now they appear fulfilled, blossomed, dis/eased, forgotten.
This is the way the text is constructed from beginning throughout, as if
there were nothing but real domains in the world, and what is unsayable is
(im)precisely what is _lost in the texts,_ not elsewhere, ready for the
scaffolding to be taken apart."


