=

q.txt

The Beginning Section of the Internet Text Revisited


The following text begins the Internet Text as a whole. At the time, I
didn't know what I was getting into, a text that would eventually reach
over a twelve hundred pages to date. In any case, this was written several
months after signing on, and I am using this end-of-the-year occasion to
revisit it, identify its strengths and weaknesses... 


INTERNET TEXT


0. Prolegomena: The following iterative construct describes the internet.
Traditional philosophical and cultural categories are highly problematic,
given this new communications life-form. I develop instead an analysis
based on EMISSION, SPEW, ADDRESS, RECOGNITION, and PROTOCOL. The essay,
always preliminary, proceeds through a series of numbered paragraphs,
which then rewrite. 

[REWRITE becomes a major concept later on, the continuous reiteration of
identity on the Net through text - the constant statement of name and
place.]

1. The network is a membrane composed of nodes, better considered intensi-
fications. An intensification possesses an interactive emission. The
emission is characterized as a program space composed of inputs/outputs,
introjections/projections: a space of -jectivity. The emission occurs in a
steep topographic region; distinctions between hardware and software
become blurred, as do more traditional philosophical divisions (subject/
object, body/world, mind/brain). 

[The membrane analog easily segued into issues of bodies. Intensification
characterizes the Net; in combination with emission, it constitutes a
message sending and receiving 'spew.' The blurring of distinctions be-
tween hardware and software also become a major theme later on - the idea
of information/programming all the way down, and the difficulties this
spells for traditional ontological distinctions. This is the one proble-
matic addressed by soviet philosophy that still remains unresolved, edgy.]

2. In fact, traditional ontological considerations are clearly replaced by
an organic episteme; what constitutes knowledge is only flow; data repla-
ces history; data becomes sourceless. Rather than communication channels,
consider geodesics; rather than geodesics, consider forced flows; rather
than forced flows, consider emissions. 

[Data is sourceless because data can be manipulated, is addressible.]

3. An emission has no input, no output; an emission consists of fragmented
images, the symbolic replaced by the imaginary. An emission is always in
flux; an emission problematizes energy and energy consumption, since it
may simultaneously drain and produce/reproduce. An emission is a chaotic
domain in the vicinity of an unstable attractor; escaping, it quickly
loses history, historiography, temporality itself. Close to the speed of
light, it exists in a temporal well. 

[Now here is a blurring of TCP/IP//user distinctions. But the notion of
the imaginary is critical to the Net - which begins always with the sym-
bolic, in an inversion that would do Marx/Hegel proud. With emission and
the imaginary, historiography replaces history. Later I will critique
temporality itself flooding the wires.]

4. The membrane is an enormous hypertext whose linkages thin, occasionally
break, are always redundant. It is neither a fuzzy set nor a classical
one; through a fast-forward topology, it escapes traditional partitioning.
The user deals with an alterity in the form of constantly changing facial
expressions; one is never within or without the alterity, but in a (su-
pine) position of absorption. The emission clouds close to me; ontologica-
lly, it is that real escaping denotation; ontologically, it is uncanny.
Thus the emission is related to excess, to surplus, to the curlicue or
diacritical mark, but it absents these, and it is this absenting or
ignorance that constructs the uncanny as waste-product; the blindness of
emission is its site. 

["Facial expressions" is unclear at this point; I am not sure of the do-
main I was referring to. This alterity is what I later called hysteric
embodiment, the projection beyond or through the text onto an image of
the other - face, tone of voice, intention, "authenticity." Bataille and
Deleuze-Guattari are at work here.]

5. To hold onto part of a body, to sever that part, to construe or re-
construe that part, to devour it, tear the surface off: one searches for
the skinned body, (which has the murmur or memory of pain), the articu-
lation of a truth given by one's own body lost in the emission. It is good
form to search out bondage, which restrains the body absent from itself,
an analog of the screen or permissive membrane which occurs, going just so
far. This is an antiquated ontology or materiality asserting the inert in
the midst of fast-forward, an assertion doomed to be displaced, sublima-
ted, effaced; one holds onto nothing; as in classical existentialism, one
projects forward in the face of nothingness (as if nothing were itself an
alterity);  the hole, however, is an episteme broken by the screen replac-
ing the mirror stage; the ego splatters against it (the cum-ego for female
and male); fast-forward, the episteme always already announces its contin-
uation; the existentialist project is lost in the midst of indirect ad-
dresses. 

[Suddenly the body appears, holds its own. Bodies in fact constitute the
Net, articulated bodies, described bodies, hysteric bodies, isolated or
frozen bodies, scientific bodies, bodies of scientists, students, users,
doctors, the disabled, home-bodies, bodies of management, sexual and
sexing bodies, ignored bodies, speaking bodies, all bodies bound to the
screen or speaker, bound to the text, bound to the other of reading, bound
to inner speech.]

6. The user is an addict "in the midst";  the user projects; thwarted,
projects again. The membrane appears in the guise of discarded pornog-
raphy; one is thrust into pure consumption, no longer beneath the guise of
another pornography, capital itself. Assertions are lost in the echo of
the machine. Thought is defined by flux, by an absolute symbolic for the
user who must be assured of the purity of his or her drug. The purity is
in the form of a well-definition (in the logical sense) to which no one
any longer pays attention; the absence of well-definition does not result
in a program cancellation, but only a retry which is part of the program
itself; it does not matter where one is; location is irrelevant. 

[Later I would revise this, which is all too simple, wayward. Addiction
is complex, like schizophrenia; associated with a _singular object_ (drug,
sex, etc.), it constructs at the least an Oedipal psychological framework
for the subject. On the Net, what I am calling here (later abandoning) as
addiction, is also tied into identity politics and psychoanalytics - some-
thing covered at length in the later portions of the text. I would also
disagree that there is an "absolute" symbolic at work here or any other
place; it exists as a projection, but the symbolic itself may be decon-
structed.]

7. Voices are heard behind the screen words (toggle on, echo on; the
screen chants itself, hides itself, reveals the nipple); face to face
replaces the face; double blinds allow the truth of double binds. This is
the only truth there is: that which occurs beneath or behind the blind,
that is, the lie (which is truth's double, truth's mirror, not converse or
inverse) (which is truth's perverse, that is, truth's abject truth); this
is the framework of classical Greek philosophy bound to classical Greek
torture (both bound with identical cords, hieroglyphs): Xenophon's Socra-
tes was the first user. Voices are heard, and voices are nothing but
machine chatter, the ideal forms so many subroutines... 

[And machine chatter is the dreaming of machines, machine-dreams as well,
desiring-machines literalized - but also the dreaming of bodies, body-
dreams as well, desiring bodies literalized...]

8. The user. The user is an addict; the user inscribes throughout the
network (temporary, electronic, absolute: an entirely new category), mic-
rotendrils extending in every direction. This contains the appearance of
power; the network is a fantasm reflecting emissions back through local
paths. The wonder of the internet is its locality, the construct of neigh-
borhood (packet channels slowing down just right for the home terminal)
redefining the body; the body becomes extension; extension becomes noise;
noise seethes at the edge. The process is one of fast-forward rooting, and
the roots are blind. 

[The user as addict, again, the text addicted to addiction. Later the net-
work becomes stasis, environment, ghost, network _as_ fantasm transformed
into fantasm-network, fantasm-producing. Blind roots, yes; the tendrils
skitter across the planet - skittering, too, develops later as the sub-
ject's reception, trajectories across floodplains, Reynold's numbers.]

9. Now we can speak of the mouth or eye of the user; now we can speak of
the hand or its mobility. No matter how (much) sensation is transcribed,
it occurs at a distance characterized by zapping and invasions. Nothing
but the materiality of the body is a stake; everything cuts everything
off. The user is confined to a scientism in the form of THAT which arti-
culates the THERE IS, just as addiction develops out of the action of a
particular drug or behavioral sequence. One is tied to the THAT. 

[This lead to the simultaneous prosthesis and cauterization of the body,
the body edged, on the precipice. What is at stake is nothing more or less
than the _future_ - future future, but also future present, future past.]

10. The user has nothing to do with the internet; the user is of no con-
sequence. Conference exists or dissolves beneath the sign, not of gender
or capital, but of chaotic inscription.  The sign itself dissolves; sign
is, after all, only recognition. This is the final corruption of humanism;
even the self is no longer centric - not through the Lacanian inscriptive/
linguistic unconscious (through which IT may still find a path or coagula-
tion), but through addiction, self as THAT, or self as nodal intensifica-
tion, always castrated, furiously addictive, always reading/writing, al-
ways rewriting: the self becomes its own recursivity. It no longer mat-
ters; its reports are from marauders, vandals, on the edge of the Roman
Empire; it exists only within the interstices of power; it is displaced by
power; it is no longer one or many; it no longer responds to the pronoun;
it responds only to the login which may well (it does not matter) be a
construct of the machine itself - just as gender-bending relies no longer
on gender, but arbitrary and chaotic signifiers, signifiers undercut, in a
continuous process of dissolution, murmuring, forgetting, forgotten, forg-
ed and forgotten, emissive. The machine recognizes no gender; the machine
recognizes nothing. The machine recognizes every gender; the machine is
never a machine, but an episteme. 

[Beneath the surface, neutralization is uncanny because unapproachable
although immanent. The Internet Text from this point on develops the
surface, produces the subject criss-crossed by this form of subterranean
knowledge, which is hardly a displacement or effacement, simply a condi-
tion of the protocols and their subjects hungry for meaning.]

11. Just as the episteme is lost in time, so is the subject; just as music
video and popular culture announced (by absenting, forgetting, by asigni-
fying) the end of historicity, the subject no longer announces itself (and
certainly no longer announces herself and himself): an emission is no
grounds for announcement. In this manner the subject avoids death (always
the plan, thwarted and perverting, procuring and devouring, but always the
plan) which is already always forgotten; intensification is subject to
dissolution, but subjectivity dissipates or sublimates elsewhere, as if it
ever existed. 

[Subjectivity dissipates, but the subject _does_ announce itself, although
_the subject_ is no longer announced; recognition and address are, in
fact, the precise forms of this announcement. Within the digital domain,
the organic hope of continuous life is fulfilled; the world is forever
reproducible just as digital video can be copied, generation after genera-
tion, without loss. What skitters, loses through friction, heat. The
depths are immobilized, ice. It's not even a necessary precondition that
the Net physically exist; everything ties to GIGO in spite of distributed
intelligence and entities - what goes in is representation which appears
permanent. It's left for the real to be granular, chaotic, excessive,
unregulated, idiotic, obdurate; it's left for the real to produce the
subject of the Internet text, produce the subject no longer announced.]

12. But just as if it ever existed, there are no longer ontological con- 
siderations; as plasma, the internet bypasses existence (always already... 
the litany repeats as murmur). It is within this that the projected 
eternality of the digital has full reign or resonance; noiseless, the 
digital proclaims the clean and proper body (which is rendered problematic 
by the maternal which becomes uncanny, fantasm, the circulation already on 
the move, already elsewhere), genderless and absent. Clearly in this 
fashion, everything is absent within the internet. (Everything announces, 
dresses, addresses. A character, screen or otherwise, is an announcement.) 
The human dream of eternal life occurs by a draining of temporality; 
therefore nothing occurs or can occur. It is irrelevant whether or not the 
human is "ready" for this when readiness implies an a priori teleology; 
such an impulse becomes a trail or trace left by a gopher through the 
computational/server holarchy, not an end in sight or sightlessness.

[Oh we are a miracle.]

13. Naturally, then, it is also irrelevant to ask where one goes from 
here...

[But the text continued through another 700 texts to date, a flood of
text, inter/texts, veering from the subject but always tethered to her or
him, continuous desperate disparate attempts. And this introductory text
itself proceeded through several other texts, all found at the beginning
of net1.txt, at the jefferson.village.virginia.edu site. Yours for the
taking.]

