==

net6.txt

PREPOSTEROUS JUSTIFICATION


Perhaps because of the very nature of my work, I find it necessary to 
clarify what I am attempting to accomplish, nothing less than the 
establishment of a new approach to the humanities and the gist of the old 
characterology which has remained inviolate ever since the Biblical era. 
One moves from one place to another; the movements are tracked across 
the skies or earth or wires accompanied by an inviolate proper name, 
alias, generic name, or subterfuge.

The wires, however, are a ruptured transformation, once beyond the accre 
tion of the telephone switchboard, a new beginning of address DISCONNECT 
INVISIBLE. Then it was only the grain of the voice which mattered and 
which constituted the guarantee of authenticity; now, on the hinge of 
ASCII, it is nothing whatsoever that creates an equivalent condition. 
Without the guarantee, anything is possible; one exists within a chaotic 
and inderminate domain, writing to nothing in particular - in spite of the 
existence of domains, and writing only as a form of address and 
recognitions...

Ah, but what is tracked, carried on one's nomadic back? And what is the 
back in relation to the front of the animal, sensory nub utilized only for 
the purpose of the garnering of visual data and its transformations? We 
exist in the world of double encodings, and this is already a future 
rushed ahead of one, plunging us headlong into streams of hysteria and 
darkness. Yes, I have been criticized for the hysteria and neuroticism of 
my texts, but these are in fact the bases for the transformation of the 
human, like it or not. The debate between humanism and post-structuralism, 
for example, fades insofar as the body is problematic, my body, your body, 
in a state of existence elsewhere and elsewhen. Encompass the dark!

The Internet Text began simply enough with a series of numbered proposi- 
tions, but then emendations became necessary, channeling further into the 
interstices, until a general rewrite was the only option. I could go no 
farther; suddenly the body appeared in Nipple. Txt cutting through the 
generalized hypothesis: What are my texts if not contradictory? How else 
could they survive in the midst of alt.fetish.net.noise? Didn't this 
continue through a representation of Spew itself, the exhaustion of the 
number system devolving into broken symmetries? And in the next several 
texts, everything was developed in relation to desire, the body, the 
granularity of the real in relation to etiquette and protocol itself. At a 
loss, stumbling through the hallucinatory forms of part-objects, surplus 
or excess as a character-"pass" or the blocking that ensued from a 
password entrance into a STALLED OR NULL CHAMBER.

And the texts constantly stalled in a maze of their own devising - stall- 
ing, reiterating, redirecting, turning around like a blind Unix file 
deadending into an inaccessible account. Meanwhile the surface continued 
its activity of WRITE REWRITE WRITE REWRITE, my fingers hovering above the 
tumescent keyboard, a sense of _frisson_ lending itself further and 
further to a WEB-INVERSION, the body hanging thread-like from the wires 
themselves, connecting and dis- connecting, a vast atmospheric 
switchboard.

The theses continued to break up, disparate - continued to dissolve on 
MEANDER. I took pains to point out that distinction between this and the 
nomadic - the latter, after all, possessing a map of sorts, a wandering 
throughout an uncomfortable terrain, but always a sense of place even 
within the smoothest of regions. But here the territory continues, like 
Ciudad Juarez in the physical world, to extend without bounds, an influx 
on the level of the exponential with no end in sight. I would return, 
retreat to myself; I would transform Spew into EMISSION, organizing and 
reorganizing the material which were a continuous meditation or 
commentary. And I would argue as well that this is the _only philosophical 
praxis possible_ given the fast-forward fragments of the human.

At times there would be a fountain of exaltation or the dark rupture of 
murderous despair - all comfortably theorized, placed in linear and 
distributed tablets. The howling became a user-therapeutic for a reader in 
tune with what I had to say; the despair translated into comfort and 
collusion.

The tablets would carry back to Inanna or other Sumerian figures, 
inscribed as well with the protocol hidden from sight by the tablet 
embrochure foreclosed against the violation of the flesh. Would I not 
write concerning the operations upon the flesh, Emily Dickinson, by an 
establishment I have long admired? Write about the accompanying murmur, 
the unremarkable dissolution-death of one or another nameless nation 
descending into pillage and gang warfare?

Engorged, I exhaled ASCII; instead of tears or whimpers, my fingers move 
faster, uncontrolled; they carry the weight of my body's desire. The texts 
are always already the manipulation of flesh, the stuffy of uneasy dreams 
without sound or image, silent strata of darkened mountains collapsing 
into still more silent darkened pools.

Engorged, I inhaled as well, circulations and responses from everywhere in 
the world, enveloping the body of text, circumambulating through newer 
dreams, through dream-admixtures. The theory is the breath of a manifold, 
torn and sleazy, the hysteric encompassing collapsing on empty air.

There are needles everywhere, however, pointed responses and heady 
constructs, hypotheses of all sorts, the glimmer of comprehension in the 
form of a luminescent deep-see angler-fish, barely visible in the gloom. 
Her antenna scouts the shores of further waters; parasitic headless males 
flail uselessly, permanently attached to her body. This is the SPS, 
sperm-production-sac, the shedding of the head for the body. This is the 
permission of theory, continuation of one or another form of the written, 
holding on to the final picture posited by the repression of the real and 
its return.
