

singing our hart out in colorado

for BP corporate sluggish breathless song (valveless chromatic harp)

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cor.mp3

for songsters of the avian sort interrupted by wolf-note overload
(violin)

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sect1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sect2.mp3



Corporate Viral Memetics of Philosophical DiscourII

TII WIII

TIiI iI III IIIiIIiII II III WIII II III RIII.
TIIII iI I IIIIIiI IIIII II III IIIII.
TII IIIII IIIIIIII I IIIIIiI IIIII II II.
OII IIIIII IIIIIIIII I IIIIIiI IIIII II III IIIII.
TII IIIII II III IIIII iI III IIIII iIIIIIIIII.
IIIIIIIIIIIIiII IIIIIIII IIIII IIIIII.
WI IiIIIIII IIIIIII IIII IiIiIII IIIIIiIiII.
TIIII III IIIIIiIiII iIIIIIIIiIII IIIIII IIIIIII iIIIIIIIIIIIiII.
IIIIIIIIIIIIiII IIIIIIIIII IIIIIiIIII II IIIIIiIiII.
OII IIIIII IIIII I IIII iI III IIIII.
CIIIIIII IIiIII IIIII.
WIIII IIIIIII iIIIIIIIIII IIIII.
TII IIiIIIIIiII II IIIII IIIIIIIIII IIIIiII.
TII IIIIIIIII II IIIIiII IIIIIIII III iI IIIIIII II IIIIIIiII.
AIIIIIiII iI III iIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIiII II III IIII.
TII IIII iI III IiII II III IIIIIIIII II IIIIiII.
MIIIiII III IIII III I IIII.
TII IIIII iI IIIIiIIIII.
IIIIIIiIIIIII iI III IIIIII II IIII- II II-IIIIIIIiII.
OIIIIIIIIIIiII iIIIiII III IIIII II iIIIIIIII.
DIIIIIIIIiII iIIIiII III IIIIiIiII II iIIIIIII IIIIiII.
CIIIIIIiII IIIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIiII III IIIIIIIIIiII
DIIIIIiIIIiII IIIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIiIIIiII III iIIIIIIIiIIII.
SIiIIII iI III IIIIIIIiII II IIIIIII II IIIIIIIII.
CIIIIIIII III IIIIiII III IIII-IIIIIIII.
BIII-IIIIIIiII IIIIII IIIIIIIIII III IIII IIIII IIIIiIII IIiIII.
NI IIIIiIIII, II IIII.
TII IIII iI IIIIII IIIIIII IIIII IIIIIII, IiIIIIIIIIIII.
TII II-IIII II III IIII iI IiIIIII; III IIII II III IIII iI IIIII.
AIIIII I IIII, IIIII I IIIIIIIIiII.
IIIIIiIIiII IIIIII III IIIIIIIII iI III IIII.
IIIIIiIIiII IIIIII iI IIIIiIIII.
TII IiIIIIIII II IIIIiIIII, IIIIII II III IIII.
TII IiIIIIIII II III IIII, IIIIII II IIIIiIIII.
IIIIIiIIiII iI IIIII iIIIIiIII.
TIiI iI III III II III WIII II III RIII.



(video) playing violin/kamanche in Colorado
for Foofwa, Azure, Kimberly, and Monika

(wanted to see what my fingers were doing)
(wanted my fingers to admire me)
(my fingers calling me)
(hello, we are your fingers)
(we are very happy you move us nicely)
(and you move us nicely and you make us happy)

http://www.alansondheim.org/colorl.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/colorll.mov

(video) violin coming into its own

(violin wanting to see what julu was doing)
(wanted julu to admire it)
(julu calling it violin)
(hello, i am julu)
(i am very happy to hear you)
(and you move me nicely and you make me happy)

http://www.alansondheim.org/intoitsown.mp4



Clarity.


the clarity of darkness:


http://www.alansondheim.org/dark1.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/dark2.mov


some older texts concerned with virtual worlds - these are still 
valuable; they have an 'uncanny' clarity I think I'm lacking at the 
moment:


For Nicanor Parra

I came into cyberspace
in order to look at myself. I would
stand aside from myself and from my fingers.
I would look at language in orderly rows
coming from my mouth. A woman would flow
and she would create a thing. I would rush
into familiar words and at times
in the middle of a conversation
I would run into a conversation. A general
would appear carrying swords and knives and
a warrior. The white screen would never 
beckon the dark, nor the grey, the color of
death. Colors poured into a vise a carpenter
would build with letters. The first building
was the building with letters. I have traced
you back, computer through computer, tool
behind tool, entire genealogies at work until
the very beginning. Here, I found
hand-axes starting to strike
metal. The metal was a dagger or a knife and I
could hear speech in the dagger, colors 
glistened in the knife. Later, 
there would be a wheel, and later, a pulley.
On a ceiling a pulley turned where belts
connected steam to tools milling shanks
for motors, electric relays, turned carbon
for telephones and lamps. Someone spoke
beneath the lamp and all was lost. Electrons
rushed in vacuo; things started turning and
memorized the axe into this space. Then,
I would watch this space, looking for signs
of me. I would look at myself and a woman.


Vocks


I want to take up the idea of voice in chats as embodiment again, from a
relatively simplistic viewpoint. The voice, its granularity, is intimate
with the body, produced directly by the reconfiguring of tissue. To the
speaker, it appears unmediated; even language itself streams forth, as if
without impediment or processing. When an avatar represents a player on a
visual chat, there is a split in embodiment; however, the body is adept at
what Polyani calls _tacit knowledge,_ the ability to invest in, cathect
through, an other, implement, terrain, etc. The human organism exists
within a symbolic field with physiological consequences; physiology and
communication are intertwined, as aphasias, etc. demonstrate. So the split
between visual avatar and verbal language, or even visual avatar and writ-
ten/textual language at the bottom or adjacent to the image, is ultimately
no great difficulty, no matter how theorized. The _practical_ element is
something else again, however, with the text covering up the its embedding
space (including the presence of other avatars) in ThePalace for example. 

If one wishes in fact to study the _cyborg_ at this point in time, the
avatar itself, as dissemination from the physiological body, constitutes a
dominant site. The avatar is articulated in dialectic among software, par-
ticipant, and communicative space (the give and take of the on line commu-
nity at hand); it is simultaneously organic and machinic, self-operated
and remotely "run." It is susceptible to upgrading, software variants,
etc. And ultimately, it represents, not an exterior shell, but the interi-
ority of the participant's body, morphing according to intention, command,
and drive. 

It's interesting to watch someone beginning with WorldsChat, moving a
clumsy body around a constantly (and clearly) reconfigured space; there is
always a kinesthetic sense involved, interference for example indicated if
and when one of the figures comes between two others apparently (who 
knows?) engaged in whispered conversation. And this occurs with minimal 
clues of course. Even the early mouse movements leave one feeling as if 
she or he were _propelled_ through the space, tentatively or violently 
moving from group to group in blind search. In spite of the fact that (at 
least the surface) conversation is reasonably inane, WorldsChat provides 
a clear example of future cyborg existence. It's already here, inhabited, 
dependent as usual upon consumption, fast machines, and the lucky me who 
has access to a T1 line.

It's _money_ all the way.


The Plain


My Gothic grammar states that there is almost no literature available in 
the language; most of what one knows stems from the New Testament 
translation done by Ulfilas in the fourth century, through sixth century 
Italian copies. 

In Mandeville, the images of the Khan remain with me, mobile capitals on 
mobile plains, nomadic. In the Utgarda-Loki section of the Prose Edda, 
Thor turns around, and the castle has disappeared; there's nothing but 
the plain. 

The plain is the locus of power, the site of a part-object tentatively 
connected to Goths, Visigoths, Saxons, the Golden Horde. It's criss- 
crossed, temporary. Distance is measured by civilization, the rings of 
stationary dwellings, agriculture, surrounding, encroaching on the desert 
which proceeds to devour them. As today. 

Territories extend indefinitely, carrying nothing with them. Simmel's
stranger glances, walks on. It's always a situation of strangers; reading
Rutilius Claudius Namatianus, there are Goths who are enemies, and a Goth
who buys the house. 

Investments are made in the form of the project/production. Imagine the
brightness of the stars in the evening, the fair regularity of the cycles
of weather. One can gallop up and down almost indefinitely. You can hear
the sounds of the horses at a distance. There are always the skitterings
of small mammals in the underbrush. Firelight is the source. There's a
smell of meat. There's the sound of stringed instruments and sometimes 
dancing in the distance.

These are the spaces of cyberspace, holes, temporary encrustations, in-
tensities. These are the spaces where fantasms appear, burn into the eyes,
turn inward or outward, disappear once again. Try as I might, these spaces
defy description. They're not nomadicisms in the Deleuze/Guattari sense; 
there are no lines of flight. The spaces are self-similar, but _locally_
intense, everywhere, with the currents of micro-ecological niches. You
can't forget the ecology, ever; you can't forget the claims of nations,
colonialisms, geographic economies. Boundaries are always already in flux,
just as they are, say, in the WorldsChat emptied spaces which look some- 
thing like enormous boxing rings. 

WorldsChat in fact provides an example: _What anchors the avatars to the 
simulated ground?_ Nothing, of course, except for programming which 
occasionally is faulty, sending figures flying. The screen, not the de- 
lineation of planet, is the final arbiter. And the screen is nowhere; it 
is the eye, the stain or residue of the gaze.

The screen is naught; the screen carries a sense of boundary, outline. 
Outline disappears in the literal maze of links, multiply-connected topo-
logy that always returns to itself, frays at the edges. It's as if culture
is the _objet petit a_ somewhere else; who/what pulls the tongue from the
mouth? 

The body is never found. The voices are always at a distance. You can't 
see the animals for the underbrush. The animals are stases; they know 
where they are. They aren't agents, of anything, anyone. It's not as if 
they're "there" either. The "it" is a neutral inscription. It doesn't 
mean anything in the sense. It doesn't have any location. Nor does it 
move on; there aren't vectors.

But it's not all negative. It's the plain. It's where you can draw figures
or cut them into the grass. It's where they appear as if they're _some-
thing_ in the midst of, that is, between, seasons. They're ignored because
you can only see them from the air. Airplanes haven't been invented yet
but the kids are having a good laugh and you can hear them clear across
the plain. 

(There's so _little_ of Gothic left to read/hear. Almost all of it is
translation from the Gospels, as if others are speaking through their
tombs. Colonialization circulates among itself. Logos takes over, hard
inscription. The Bible is the Book. The Book is the Bible. The world goes
flat with forgetting. Each and every world is a plain. Cyberspace is all
the world there is.)


Entering, Rites of Passage, Characteristics


Hey, what's the entrance to the software? The other day I was on Worlds-
Chat and there was this avatar with the signboard on its head reading
n******basher, and I'd never seen anything like that. I tried to blow him 
out of the space, but you can't do that; I ended up just getting the hell
out of there as fast as I could. I felt doubly violated, not only because 
of the overt racism of the name, but because in general, these things 
don't appear in the environmental chats. For one thing, when you log on 
as a guest on a MOO, ThePalace, etc., you're given a guest designation - 
you've got to do an @request on the former for a character. Because of 
this - the simple matter of @request - there's a rite of passage that's 
involved, which makes literally all the difference in the world, just as 
there is a rite of passage into an email list, as opposed, say, to a Use- 
net newsgroup. With that rite comes responsibility, designated or not; 
one's acted intentionally, thought about joining, cooperation, even if 
one's aim is ultimately very different.

But on WorldsChat, you can pick any name you want immediately; it's with 
you, a sign of terror, just as you can violate within IRC, or a talker 
for that matter. True, a talker takes a password, but you can change that 
any time - it's your responsibility, not the sysadmin's. And you do that 
when you log on, not later. It's the _delay_ then that establishes the 
entrance into an email list or a MOO (or ThePalace for that matter) as a 
rite - a rite then is something that proffers liminality, that in-between 
state framed by inscriptions. The delay designates temporality, trans- 
forms short-term into long-term memory, changes occasion into event. 

There's also something to be said about the textuality of the delay - the
proper name begins to assert itself, binds itself to the circumscription
of the body, the participant using the software. This is very different
than jumping into chatlines, IRC, or other forms in which identity is
often amorphous, changing momentarily (it is true you can morph in a MOO
of course, but that requires programming, keystrokes beyond a click in
MIRC) - changing in fact in a way that can decathect language from its own
display. 

Be that as it may, delays, rites of entrance, inscription, liminal states,
all play a role in the character of these spaces. Not enough attention is 
paid, in any of the accounts I've read, to the welcome message and initial 
operations required to enter a space - things which are ultimately taken 
for granted, forgotten, circumvented, but which nonetheless create in 
part the character of the communications framework itself.

As I pointed out elsewhere, then, there are innumerable elements in such 
a framework (these are given in no particular order):

1. The player's client software;
2. The program software (including issues of quota, buffering, etc.);
3. The program aura (contacts outside the program); 
4. The sysadmins', wizards', or moderators' decisions and powers;
5. Various rites of entrance and exit; 
6. Assumed quality and conditions of governance;
7. Assumed quality and conditions of privacy and distinction of public/
   private spaces; 
8. Ability of the player to transform his or her character on a formal 
   level (i.e. set descriptions); 
9. Ability of the player formally and in terms of individual knowledge, 
   to transform the environment itself;
10. Async/sync aspects of the environment in relation to each other; 
11. Types of speech possible (first-person [ytalk] / third-person [MOO]),
    (packaging of emotions/emootions), (paging, telling, yelling, whis-
    pering, asking, exclaiming, saying), (echo on / echo disabled), etc.;
12. Types of speech tolerated, use of toading, kill, delete, filtering, 
    etc.; 
13. Issues of network and software lags.

All of these play a role in the quality of communication; the framing of 
flaming; the ability to carry on sustained conversations among partici- 
pants; the ability to carry on sustained conversations continuing across 
various login sessions; the manifestation of desire and sexuality in 
various modes of privacy; the manifestation of a certain political econ- 
omy in relation to ownership and privatization of spaces, software, and 
generic objects; and the very real questioning of the loci of power in 
relation to wizards, administrators, server ownership and mandates, and 
so forth.

There is much work to be done in regard to these issues, work which lends 
itself naturally to creating a phenomenological approach for the consid- 
eration of future seamless virtual realities.


Threshold


Living alone in my loft, there is an entire phenomenology of entering and 
exiting; the external world literally floods my presence when I _emerge_ 
into the light. The rite of passage in signing on to a MOO is different; 
one is already on-line, and the passage may occur among various 
applications, including ytalk, IRC, and so forth.

The threshold in fact occurs with the initial logging-on, a trivial act 
in itself. The community then appears, with the secondary log-on in its 
entirety; ontologies shimmer, epistemologies crash, and so forth.

It's difficult for an outsider to understand this transformation occurring
with the movement of a few keys. The body remains in place. Nothing floods
the room, and it's the flooding that ordinarily separates interior and 
exterior - along with the relative lack of ownership and privacy the ex- 
terior occasions (which is more problematic in cyberspace), and so forth.

This is where prosthesis, the uncanny, projection/introjection, and the 
like come into play. The user is at home or in the office; the mind is 
moving fast-forward elsewhere. It's going to seem useless, artificial, 
non-existent. It's going to be incomprehensible from the outside, and so 
forth. 

The space is dry. Nothing is illuminated. Words crack either darker or 
lighter than background, light background flattening the screen, dark 
background an illusion of inconceivable depth; Pascal comes to mind, and 
so forth.

In dreams real and virtual coalesce, ascii-dreams, livid dreams, maroon
dreams of womb interiors, dreams of classification, conflagration. They
flicker in and out of the preconscious, lists of sexual graphemes and
regions centered around the penis, perineum, anus, nipple. I wake in the
middle of the night, fingers half-inserted, erect, sweated; there are
monsters. The image: cuneiform word-lists, transliterated and translated,
sharp spikes penetrating the body, mouths held open. There are no screams
in cyberspace, not even with Iphone's advent; there is the collusion, the
_substance_ of the computer, and it's this _substance_ as well which
remains untranslatable to those unfamiliar, and so forth.

Circulating among the home pages, one rarely runs into community; language
is pasted onto signboards, even on those refreshable chat sites. Crack the
Web, split it open, and words, neighborhoods seethe forth. I resist this,
this splitting, even the surface, resist the Net; for me, totally succumb-
ing to its narrowed modalities is the sign of death, hungering for too
long too near the screen. But I understand the promise in this hungering
as well, the ability to achieve satiation, find commonality. I have to
remind myself constantly that I'm a freak, that the lure of the threshold
is the lure of paste compared to the flood of the out of doors, and so
forth. 

It's a litany of occasions, events, each with their temporal horizons,
subjective projects, relevances, avatars, sublimations, repressions,
identities, political and monetary economies. As I said last night to the
interviewer from NPR (not broadcast), humans will find communicative and
communal possibilities in any ecological niche; there are Iphone and IRC
societies as well as those in MUDs, MOOs, newsgroups, email lists, and so
forth. Communication in this fashion parallels capital and late capital-
ism, extending and expanding through all those devices of -jectivity, hy-
steric embodiment, that I've documented elsewhere. So there are thresholds
and rites of passage, there are communities and projections, there are hy-
sterias and issues of governance/framework/political economy, and there 
is a majority off-line public out there, meeting explanation with bewil- 
derment, uncomprehending of community external to the obdurate existence 
of bodies, trails, buildings, streets, and so forth.

And so forth into the night of the darknet, day of the real, vacillating 
among illuminations, uneasy dreams, sexual-depressive twists of the body, 
corporate-celebratory twists of the machinic, and so forth.



the flooding and milking of liquid and liquid


http://www.alansondheim.org/flood.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/flood2.mov

( but it's not the flood that meanders; it's the flood or storm that 
spreads and spill, but not meanders; it's the pronoun that follows the 
text below * )

( * and see below and http://www.alansondheim.org/flood3.mov 
http://www.alansondheim.org/flood4b.mov ** )

sometimes work meanders; environments are unexpected, and analysis follows 
suit. visual and theoretical paths meander, as if trajectories were always 
second-order at the least: think of spatial acceleration. the speed of 
thought moves nothing. everything proceeds as if an apologetics: this 
isn't what I meant but isn't it interesting? 

then there are the dreams, dream work, as if all screens were breasts, all 
leaks, exhalations from the matrix. 

the well PUMPED the oil, the man and woman PUMPED each other, the infant 
desert was NOURISHED, the ocean and mind were MILKED.

* ** it's the following for example :: http://alansondheim.org/flood3.mov

where simultaneous sit/teleport commands construct an imaginary position
_elsewhere,_ in mid-air or mid-stream - a position viewed either from 
avatar or independent camera - a position which answers to its own 
transposed topography - breaking the simulacrum of the real - floating the 
avatar 'about' deeply unrelated spaces - as if she were controlled there - 
so one might ask - where is the mechanism here - the control mechanism - 
since 'there' has none - and the original mechanism is elsewhere - out of 
touch, out of reach - so here's a meander - an occurrence - something to 
take advantage of - leading us out into, in fact, a dream state of sorts - 
flying through unknown geographies - and then 

the well PUMPED the oil, the man and woman PUMPED each other, the infant
desert was NOURISHED, the ocean and mind were MILKED -

as the next and final image, environment, process, procedure, operation, 
installation, performance appeared -

http://www.alansondheim.org/flood4b.mov - perhaps the most 'original' of 
all - certainly the most energized - the most possessing a philosophic 
diegesis or trajectory - something to say, to be said - for the liquidity 
of catastrophe - liquidity of permanent crisis - and its relation to 
engendering, to the interior of the body, to the matrix, the breast, to 
semen, to the womb, to the infant, to nourishment and nutrition, to the 
phenomenology of the swollen, tumescent, distended - to fecundity, 
engorgement and the soft flow of the eaten - to suffocation and the last 
respiration, to death and the last sight of eyes slowly closing - never to 
open again - 

- think of the jagged-dance or puppet-marionette-dance, for that's what 
happens, that's what's happening - whenever you're there - beneath the 
sign of capital (I used to say) - _within_ the sign of capital - not the 
here/ there of the Matrix, but effluvia, floundering about, flailing, for 
and against our will - 'the soft flow of the eaten - to suffocation and 
the last respiration' -

http://www.alansondheim.org/flood.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/flood2.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/flood3.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/flood4b.mov

and 4b yes yes yes, the coming home of the catastrophic, the flooding, the 
new world of oil and milk, the flooding and milking of liquid and liquid,
the flooding and milking of liquid and liquid
the flooding and milking of liquid and liquid
the flooding and milking of liquid and liquid
the flooding and milking of liquid and liquid
the flooding and milking of liquid and liquid
the flooding and milking of liquid and liquid



how we do not die

how we carry on
our children are our coding, broken and distorted
our bodies return to stars, having come from stars
it's a long trajectory our bodies take
our world continues in our wakes
our molecules scatter into winds and seas and marshes
our belongings disperse and carry us
our thoughts become our words become our works
our thoughts hide in corners of the world
corners open up and slowly reveal our presence
of others, there are many who are gone
of others, there are more who would be going
our memories collapse into forgotten origins
everything travels outward, onward, we are carried
we are already carried, so our words and sounds and seas
 carry us beyond the sentencing of the sentence, we are
 already someone else




IDIrIaIbI IaInIdI IVIiIoIlIeInItI IDIeIcIaIyI IIItI'IsI ILIoIsItI 
IWIeI'IrIeI IFIuIcIkIeId IPIoIiIsIoInIeIdI IbIyI 
IFIuInIdIaImIeInItIaIlIlIyI IUIsIeIlIeIsIsI ICIoIrIpIoIrIaItIeI ISIHIIITI 
ICIoIrIpIoIrIaItIeI IVIiIrIaIlI IMIeImIeItIiIcIsI IoIfI 
IPIhIiIlIoIsIoIpIhIiIcIaIlI IDIiIsIcIoIuIrIIII

ITIIIII IWIIIIII

ITIIIiIII IiIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIiIIIIIiIIIII IIIII IIIIIII IWIIIIIII IIIII 
IIIIIII IRIIIIIII. ITIIIIIIIII IiIII III IIIIIIIIIIIiIII IIIIIIIIIII IIIII 
IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIII. ITIIIII IIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII III 
IIIIIIIIIIIiIII IIIIIIIIIII IIIII IIIII. IOIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII III IIIIIIIIIIIiIII IIIIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIII. ITIIIII IIIIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIII IiIII IIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIII IiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIII. IWIII IIIiIIIIIIIIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIII IIIiIIIiIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIiIIIiIIIII. 
ITIIIIIIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIiIIIiIIIII IiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIII IiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII. 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIIIIIIIiIIIiIIIII. IOIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIII III IIIIIIIII IiIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIII. ICIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
IIIIIiIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIII. IWIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
IiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIII. ITIIIII IIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIII 
IIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIiIIIII. ITIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIII IiIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII. IAIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII IiIII 
IIIIIII IiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIII IIIIIII 
IIIIIIIII. ITIIIII IIIIIIIII IiIII IIIIIII IIIiIIIII IIIII IIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIIIIIiIIIII. IMIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIIIII 
IIIIIIIII IIIIIII III IIIIIIIII. ITIIIII IIIIIIIIIII IiIII 
IIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIII. IIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIII IiIII IIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIIIII-I IIIII IIIII-IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII. 
IOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII IiIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIII IIIII 
IiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII. IDIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII IiIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIiIIIiIIIII IIIII IiIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIiIIIII. 
ICIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIII 
IDIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIIIII IiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIII. 
ISIIIiIIIIIIIII IiIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII IIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
IIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII. ICIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIiIIIII 
IIIIIII IIIIIIIII-IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII. IBIIIIIII-IIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIiIIIIIII IIIIIiIIIIIII. INIII IIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIII,I IIIII 
IIIIIIIII. ITIIIII IIIIIIIII IiIII IIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIII,I IIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII. ITIIIII 
IIIII-IIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIII IiIII IIIiIIIIIIIIIII;I IIIIIII 
IIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIII IiIII IIIIIIIIIII. IAIIIIIIIIIII III 
IIIIIIIII,I IIIIIIIIIII III IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIII. 
IIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIiIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IiIII 
IIIIIII IIIIIIIII. IIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIiIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIII IiIII 
IIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIII. ITIIIII IIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIII 
IIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIII,I IIIIIIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIII. ITIIIII 
IIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIII IIIIIIIII,I IIIIIIIIIIIII IIIII 
IIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIII. IIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIiIIIII IiIII IIIIIIIIIII 
IiIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIII. ITIIIiIII IiIII IIIIIII IIIIIII IIIII IIIIIII 
IWIIIIIII IIIII IIIIIII IRIIIIIII.



Skeleton

Drab and Violent Decay t's Lost 
We're Fucked Poisoned by 
Fundamentally Useless Corporate SHT 
Corporate Viral Memetics of 
Philosophical Discour

T W

Ti i  ii   W  
 R. T i  i   
 . T    
i   . O  
  i    
. T     i  
 i. i 
  . W i 
  ii ii. 
T  ii ii 
  ii. 
i  
i  ii. O  
   i  . C 
i . W  
i . T ii  
  i. T 
  i   i 
  i. Ai i 
 i i   
. T  i  i   
  i. Mi  
   . T  i 
i. i i  
  -  -i. 
Oi ii    
i. Di ii  
ii  i i. 
Ci   
i  i 
Dii   
ii  ii. 
Si i  i   
 . C  i 
 -. B-i 
     
i i. N i,  
. T  i   
 , i. T 
-    i i;  
    i . A  
,   i. 
ii    i 
 . ii  i 
i. T i  
i,    . T 
i   ,   
i. ii i  
ii. Ti i     
W   R.



IText


ICorporate I-Abjection (is there any Iother Ikind?)
of the IInternet IText (is there any Iother Ikind?)

ISkeleton

"Drab and Violent Decay t's Lost 
We're Fucked Poisoned by 
Fundamentally Useless Corporate SHT 
Corporate Viral Memetics of 
Philosophical Discour"

of the viral I: PAD^PHONE^POD^ME^MASH
of the viral IMash of the IMush
of the subaltern production of the IMush
of the industrialization of IThought IIdentification
of the good-Job-Steve! of the good-Job-Steve-ISlaves!
of the ISweatshops! Of the ISlaves!

Free to ICreate at Last!


violin answers to violin calls, out-of-doors in sorted weathers

thinking through drones, bowed
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/answer1.mp3
plucked violin in thunderstorm, rain turning to hail
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/answer2.mp3
too-loose violin on terrace with fast slippery turns
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/answer3.mp3
wittgenstein violin phrases with biting awkward angles
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/answer4.mp3

Wed Jul  7 18:16:46 EDT 2010


breast-feeding semen milked oil liquidity

mobile equity
http://www.alansondheim.org/pumpfm.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/pumpmf.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/pump.mov
fabled psycho-sexual aspects of oil spillage
gender migrates among hir/her/his/hem/him/s/he/she/he
among multiplicities and collocations, holarchies
in every case, something is given out, something lost from the body
something regained as well (for the body, from the body)

what happens to the proper name?
Illy Oily Billy dilly Filly Gilly Hilly Silly tilly Willy oily billy filly 
hilly silly oily dilly filly silly Gilly Lilly Tilly Lilly
inscription among the dead and dying?
Illy Oily Billy dilly Filly Gilly Hilly Silly tilly Willy oily billy filly 
hilly silly oily dilly filly silly Gilly Lilly Tilly Lilly
enumeration of benthic species?
Illy Oily Billy dilly Filly Gilly Hilly Silly tilly Willy oily billy filly 
hilly silly oily dilly filly silly Gilly Lilly Tilly Lilly

+++ rest in peace


melodies

I spoke to a friend of mine who commented he preferred the plucked piece 
and then I thought of Steve Lacy and his comments about the soprano sax 
and then took control more or less - more - of the violin - to the extent 
that - you might want to throw out the other pieces - except for pizzicato 
- if it's that - hardly a light plucking sound - anyway except for the 
pizzicato accompanying the rainstorm - which turned into hail as you can 
plainly hear - like the cannons in the background of Wanda Landowska -

anyway - let these replace the others - the work of a mature musician - 
I'd even say mature thinking - extraordinary thinker with fingers and bow 
- and then the last piece - it touches my heart - our hearts - pure bird 
song with noise reduction - red-wing blackbirds, meadowlarks, many others 
- noise reduction lending its own kind chirping, the marvelous and magical 
mixture of analog and digital - what beauty there! - and in all the other 
pieces as well - wonderful themes of parallel fourths and fifths with 
somewhat minor seconds - my favorites of course -

	violin plucked and bowed,
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/melody1.mp3
	violin more or less bowed and then some
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/melody2.mp3
	violin lucked,
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/melody3.mp3
	bird song with noise reduction,
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/melody4.mp3



soundwork at http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/

. { alan sondheim, azure carter, myk freedman, others }
..
.directory

000.mp3 1minutesaz.mp3 41.mp3 5minutesaz.mp3 AlanAzureMykJazzCafe.mp3 
Dev01.mp3 Dev02.mp3 STE-000.mp3 STE-002.mp3 WS_30095.WMA WS_30096.WMA 
WS_30097.WMA accord.mp3 acord.mp3 acous1.mp3 acous2.mp3 acous3.mp3 ag1.mp3 
ag10.mp3 ag10alt.mp3 ag2.mp3 ag9.mp3 ag9alt.mp3 agclassical.mp3 
alanmyk1.mp3 alanmyk2.mp3 alanmyk3.mp3 alanmyk4.mp3 alanmyk5.mp3 
alanmyk6.mp3 alanmyk7.mp3 ama1.mp3 ama12.mp3 ama13.mp3 ama14.mp3 ama2.mp3 
ama3.mp3 ama4.mp3 ama5.mp3 ama6.mp3 ama7.mp3 amab1.mp3 amab11.mp3 
amab12.mp3 amab13.mp3 amab2.mp3 amab3.mp3 amab5.mp3 amab6.mp3 amab7.mp3 
amab8.mp3 amab9.mp3 amongfernsyayli1.mp3 ance1.mp3 ance2.mp3 ance3.mp3 
answer1.mp3 answer2.mp3 answer3.mp3 answer4.mp3 antelope2.mp3 
armegeddon1.mp3 armegeddon2.mp3 askevoldharpclass.mp3 audio.mp3 
autumn1.mp3 autumn2.mp3 autumn3.mp3 autumn4.mp3 autumn5.mp3 
avatarmanflute1.wav avatarmanflute2.wav avatdream1.mp3 azure [dir]
azurecauldron.mp3 azureidea.mp3 azuremaya.mp3 azuresong02.mp3 
azuresong03.mp3 azuresong04.mp3 azuresong05.mp3 azuresong07.mp3 balada.mp3 
basprim1.mp3 basprim2.mp3 bbj.mp3 billythekid.mp3 bj1.mp3 bj2.mp3 bj3.mp3 
bj4.mp3 bloodtantra1.mp3 bloodtantra1straight.mp3 bloodtantra2.mp3 
bloodtantra3.mp3 bloor.mp3 blush1.mp3 blush2.mp3 blush3.mp3 boojum01.mp3 
boojum02.mp3 boojum03.mp3 boojum04.mp3 boojum05.mp3 boojum06.mp3 
boojum07.mp3 boojum08.mp3 boojum09.mp3 boojum10.mp3 boojum11.mp3 break.mp3 
bur2.mp3 bur3.mp3 call0.mp3 call1.mp3 call2.mp3 call3.mp3 caller.mp3 
cardon1.mp3 cardon2.mp3 cat.mp3 catsong1.mp3 catsong2.mp3 catsong3.mp3 
catstuff1.mp3 catstuff2.mp3 catstuff3.mp3 catstuff4.mp3 ccb.mp3 ccc.mp3 
ccp.mp3 chime1.mp3 chime2.mp3 cithara2.mp3 cithara5.mp3 cithara7.mp3 
clearing1.mp3 clearing2.mp3 cluster3.mp3 cluster4hissreduct.mp3 
cluster5.mp3 cobza.mp3 cobza3.mp3 cobza4.mp3 cobza5.mp3 cobzadandan1.mp3 
cobzadandan2.mp3 cobzamorning.mp3 cobzanight.mp3 cobzanoon.mp3 
cobzatwitch1.mp3 cobzatwitch2.mp3 cobzatwitch3.mp3 cobzatwitch4.mp3 
cobzawinterbeauty.mp3 cor.mp3 cord.mp3 corsair.mp3 ct1.mp3 ct2.mp3 
cura1.mp3 cura2.mp3 cura3.mp3 cura4.mp3 curacumbus1.mp3 curacumbus2.mp3 
curasaz0.mp3 curasaz1.mp3 curasolo1.mp3 curasolo2.mp3 cured1.mp3 
cured2.mp3 darkrobe.mp3 darkrobeii.mp3 davidaskevold.mp3 dawnchorus.mp3 
dawnchorusb.mp3 delta.mp3 deltaplain.mp3 denveru1.mp3 denveru2.mp3 
denveru3.mp3 dervish1.mp3 dervish2.mp3 dervish3.mp3 dgguitar1.mp3 
dgguitar2.mp3 dgguitar3.mp3 dgguitar4.mp3 di1.mp3 di2.mp3 di3.mp3 di4.mp3 
dirge.mp3 dirge2.mp3 dizzy.mp3 dldw2.mp3 dontunderstand.mp3 dotecho.mp3 
dotechoharp.wav downhill.mp3 dr2.mp3 dr3.mp3 drawnbird.mp3 drge1.mp3 
drge2.mp3 drge3.mp3 echoferns1.mp3 electrick1.wav electrick2.wav 
electron0.mp3 electron1.mp3 electron2.mp3 electron3.mp3 eo1.mp3 eo2.mp3 
eo3.mp3 eo4.mp3 eo5.mp3 esaz0.mp3 esaz1.mp3 esaz2.mp3 esaza.mp3 esazb.mp3 
esazd.mp3 esaze.mp3 esazf.mp3 esp.mp3 esp2.mp3 etcchorus.mp3 
etckeyboard.mp3 etcviol.mp3 evammusic.mp3 evammusik.mp3 f.mp3 fast1.mp3 
fast2.mp3 fast3.mp3 fast4.mp3 fast5.mp3 ferns2.mp3 field.mp3 flesha.mp3 
fleshb.mp3 flut1.mp3 flut2.mp3 flut3.mp3 fp4.mp3 fp4a.mp3 fp4b.mp3 
fp4c.mp3 fp4d.mp3 gatha1.mp3 gatha10.mp3 gatha11.mp3 gatha12.mp3 
gatha13.mp3 gatha15.mp3 gatha16.mp3 gatha2.mp3 gatha4.mp3 gatha6.mp3 
gatha7.mp3 gatha8.mp3 gatha9.mp3 gathagatha.mp3 ghostalk1.mp3 
ghostalk2.mp3 ghostalk3.mp3 gluon.mp3 gord1.mp3 gord2.mp3 gord3.mp3 
grapevine.mp3 gridnoise1.mp3 grutlcomp1.mp3 grutlcomp2.mp3 gui.mp3 
guitarsolo.wav hardlybreathe2.wav hardlyremember1.mp3 hardlyremember2.mp3 
hardlyremember3.mp3 harp2.wav harporganlap.wav hasapioldnew1.mp3 
hasapioldnew2.mp3 hasapitoon.mp3 headhurts1.mp3 headhurts2.mp3 
headhurts3.mp3 hegelungoldnew.mp3 hegelungrag.mp3 heruka.mp3 heruka0.mp3 
heruka1.mp3 heruka2 heruka2.mp3 hev1.mp3 hev2.mp3 homage.mp3 hybrid1.mp3 
hybrid2.mp3 i imp.mp3 ind.mp3 ion2.mp3 ion3.mp3 ion4.mp3 ir1.mp3 ir2.mp3 
ivanalansaz.mp3 jazzfoundationbenefit.mp3 jazzlounge2.mp3 jun1.mp3 
jun2.mp3 kaddish.mp3 kaddishanew.mp3 kamancheh.mp3 keddusa.mp3 kedusha.mp3 
kigali0.mp3 kigali1.mp3 kiralakeperform.mp3 kodeisha.mp3 
kroneckerdelta1.mp3 kroneckerdelta2.mp3 kroneckerdelta3.mp3 
kroneckerdelta4.mp3 kroneckerdelta5.mp3 kroneckerdelta6.mp3 lauriealan.mp3 
lauriealan0.mp3 lelita.mp3 letmebleed.mp3 lightning2.mp3 limbo1.mp3 
limbo2.mp3 limbo3.mp3 lineoutesp.mp3 linger1.mp3 linger2.mp3 linger3.mp3 
linger4.mp3 linger5.mp3 linger6.mp3 listening.mp3 lofi1.mp3 lofi2.mp3 
lofi3.mp3 lofi4.mp3 lofi5.mp3 lofi6.mp3 longsong.mp3 longsong2.mp3 
lowed.mp3 lulla1.mp3 lulla2.mp3 lumber0.mp3 lumber1.mp3 lumber2.mp3 
lumber4.mp3 lumber5.mp3 lumber6.mp3 luna0.mp3 luna1.mp3 luna2.mp3 
luna3.mp3 lur1.mp3 lur2.mp3 lw4.mp3 makingboys2.mp3 mayamaya.mp3 
maybe0.mp3 maybe1.mp3 meditate1.mp3 melody.mp3 melody1.mp3 melody2.mp3 
melody3.mp3 melody4.mp3 mg1.mp3 mg2.mp3 modeling.mp3 modern1.mp3 
modern2.mp3 modern3.mp3 modern4.mp3 modern5.mp3 modern6.mp3 mykalan0.mp3 
mykalan1.mp3 mykalan2.mp3 mykalan3.mp3 mykalan4.mp3 mykalan5.mp3 
mykalan6.mp3 naiad.mp3 newcobzaode0.mp3 newcobzaode1.mp3 newcobzaode2.mp3 
newcobzaode3.mp3 news2.mp3 newsreel.mp3 nfgp1.mp3 nfgp2.mp3 nfgp3.mp3 
nfgp4.mp3 node.mp3 node2.mp3 node3.mp3 node4.mp3 notboth.mp3 nulu.mp3 
oboe1.mp3 oh.mp3 ohoh1.mp3 ohoh2.mp3 ohoh3.mp3 ohoh4.mp3 one.mp3 
oneone.mp3 oneoneone.mp3 oo1.mp3 oo2.mp3 oo3.mp3 oo4.mp3 ouda.mp3 oudb.mp3 
oudc.mp3 oudd.mp3 oude.mp3 oudguitar1.mp3 oudguitar2.mp3 oudguitar3.mp3 
oudguitar4.mp3 ound0.mp3 ound1.mp3 ound2.mp3 pesach1.mp3 pesach2.mp3 
pesach4.mp3 pesach5.mp3 pesach6.mp3 pesach8.mp3 pesach91.mp3 pieds8.mp3 
plateau2.mp3 plateau3.mp3 platoscave.mp3 pocket.mp3 pocket2.mp3 
pocket3.mp3 pophit0.mp3 pophit1.mp3 pophit2.mp3 pophit3.mp3 pophit4.mp3 
pophit5.mp3 pophit6.mp3 porter.mp3 prac.mp3 prac1.mp3 prac2.mp3 
pt12nocturne.mp3 pt13krakow.mp3 qin1.mp3 qin2.mp3 qin3.mp3 qin4.mp3 
qin5.mp3 qin6.mp3 qin7.mp3 qina.mp3 qinb.mp3 qinc.mp3 qq1.mp3 qq2.mp3 
quarterparrot.mp3 rababa1.mp3 radiosong1.mp3 radiosong2.mp3 radiosong3.mp3 
rainyday1.mp3 rainyday2.mp3 rainyday3.mp3 rbanding.mp3 rebab.mp3 
refusenik1.mp3 refusenik2.mp3 requiemzero.mp3 requiemzerozero.mp3 
resonant.mp3 rh1.mp3 rh2.mp3 rh3.mp3 rh4.mp3 riffa1.mp3 riffa2.mp3 
riffa3.mp3 riffa4.mp3 riffa4.wav riffb.mp3 rockpunkroll.mp3 rooting.mp3 
rooting2.mp3 rootthrone.mp3 saucer.mp3 sazsez1.mp3 sazsez2.mp3 sazzz1.mp3 
sazzz2.mp3 scanner1.mp3 scanner2.mp3 secondlifelast.mp3 sect1.mp3 
sect2.mp3 sirenz.mp3 ski.mp3 slalom.mp3 slarenalastday.mp3 slonnui.mp3 
slopeA.mp3 slopeB.mp3 slough1.mp3 slough2.mp3 sltrip1.mp3 sltrip2.mp3 
smallsong0.mp3 smallsong1.mp3 smallsong2.mp3 soloeo.mp3 soloeo1.mp3 
soloeo2.mp3 somethingglistening1.wav sonicdance1.mp3 sonicdance2.mp3 
sonicdance3.mp3 sparkreceive.mp3 sparkreceiveb.mp3 sparktransmit.mp3 
ssaazz.mp3 ssaazz2.mp3 stormdenv2.mp3 stormdenv3.mp3 strum1.mp3 
sweetfast.mp3 sweetmed.mp3 sweetslow.mp3 taksimmarriage.mp3 taksimrobe.mp3 
tambura1.mp3 tambura2.mp3 tenorbanjoblues.mp3 tenorbanjoopus3.mp3 
tenorbanjopipa.mp3 tenornocturne.mp3 tenthparrot.mp3 theme1.mp3 theme2.mp3 
tibetcym0.mp3 tibetcym1.mp3 tibetcym1b.mp3 tibetcym2.mp3 tibetcym3.mp3 
travel1.mp3 travel2.mp3 travel3.mp3 tube.mp3 tuck1.mp3 tuck2.mp3 tuck3.mp3 
u1.mp3 u2.mp3 u3.mp3 u4.mp3 u5.mp3 uke0.mp3 uke1.mp3 uke2.mp3 uke3.mp3 
uke4.mp3 uku1.mp3 uku2.mp3 ukubass1.mp3 ukubass2.mp3 ukubassmix.mp3 
ukubassremix.mp3 ukufourth1.mp3 ukufourth2.mp3 ukulele1.mp3 ukulele2.mp3 
ukulele3.mp3 ukuquarter0.mp3 ukuquarter1.mp3 ukuquarter2.mp3 ululele4.mp3 
unit.mp3 unn.mp3 urmymoonshine.mp3 urmysunshine.mp3 uuu1.mp3 uuu2.mp3 
uuuttt.mp3 var1.mp3 var2.mp3 var3.mp3 var4.mp3 var5.mp3 var6.mp3 
vector.mp3 violin.mp3 vlf2.wav vlfdying0.mp3 vlfdying1.mp3 vlfdying2.mp3 
vlfdying3.mp3 vlfdying4.mp3 vlfjune56.mp3 vox2.mp3 whatisit4.mp3 
whatisit5.mp3 whatisit6.mp3 whatistumbled,wav.wav whatremains.mp3 
wonderwav1.mp3 wonderwav2.mp3 yard.mp3 yard2.mp3 yaylitanbur.mp3 yt.mp3 
yt1.mp3 yt2.mp3 yt3.mp3 yta.mp3 ytb.mp3 yth.mp3 yue.ogg yue.wav yy1.mp3 
yy2.mp3 yy3.mp3 yy4.mp3 zebulon.mp3 zebulons.mp3 zither1b.mp3 zither3.mp3 
zither3b.mp3 zither4.mp3 zither4b.mp3 ziua.mp3 zold1.mp3 zold2.mp3 
zold3.mp3 zold4.mp3



event-description


fast heartbeat, palpitations, shaking, sleeplessness, tossing and turning, 
wide-awake, sweating, heavy eyelids, unbearable exhaustion, persistent 
urination, dry throat, mucus, sore throat, shoulder pain, slight pain in 
ankles, neck pain, slight joint pain in fingers, out of breath, slight 
feeling of rigidity, panic, despair, lower back pain > panic attack? 
excessive and chronic insomnia?

feelings of having-to-do-everything-immediately because of the imminence 
of death, mind whirling at high-speed, anguish over dying, anguish over 
leaving azure behind, anguish over my father's condition, anguish over our 
financial situation, anguish over my joblessness > not depression though -

slight difficulty swallowing, dry mouth, dry scalp, excessive nervousness, 
not wanting to go on like this, watching the irreversible slowing-up of my 
father, fear of family feuding, feeling trapped, flailing uselessly, teeth 
hurting slightly, bad breath, random itches, legs twitching, chapped, 
lips, feelings of infinite regret, jealousies of others' careers, slightly 
manic - feelings of stupidity, of being tone-deaf, of being unable to do 
anything and to do anything of importance, of being forgotten, of being 
garbage, of interfering with the lives of others, of interfering with 
email lists, of interfering in virtual ad real worlds, of being a blight 
on the internet, of being useless and being utterly useless, slight pains 
in lower left leg, inability to concentrate > faster, faster -


Fri Jul  9 05:58:40 EDT 2010 all night, all day, all week, all month long 
-



Executables

http://www.alansondheim.org/exe/ - all the files are .exe, executable. 
They were made in 2003. One or more will 'stick' to the desktop until 
rebooting. None of them have viruses, worms, etc. They're all self- 
contained. Some of the images have to be double- or single-clicked on to 
start the processes. Some of the processes end by themselves; some just 
continue; some of the images themselves differ with each click; some of 
the images change with repeated clicking; and so forth. The pieces are 
concerned with - maybe 'deal with' - issues of the gaze, language, 
reading, sexuality, body, corruption, decay, control, deconstruction, 
eroticism. I'm leaving the them up for a while only - if you want them, 
download them now. After a while, some of the pieces will move to another 
site, and some of the more risque will simply be taken down. The programs 
that created these, by the way, were deleted; I wanted the executables to 
behave as independent autonomous objects with relatively impermeable 
interiors. I don't remember myself how they were made. They were created 
with Visual Basic 6, in a flurry of activity over a period of weeks. I've 
never been able to take the surface of an image for granted; these pieces 
are the result of that failure.


Julu Twine in situ

The real Julu Twine enters the premises. The real Julu Twine 
crashes the computer. But not before making hir presence known.
In an untoward way. Contrary way. Mannerisms.

The real Julu Twine breaks down boundaries of avatar, architecture,
installation. The real Julu Twine crashes navigation. But not before
the whirlwind. In a wyward manner. Contradictory means. Ways.

dynamics. processes. the extended or spewed avatar in operation.
the fissured or ruptured installation close to incoherence.

http://www.alansondheim.org/jt.mp4

states. operators. the fallen or expanded avatar in process.
the split or incoherent installation close to rupture.

http://www.alansondheim.org/ jtt jpgs


astonishing affect

violin in cathedral in violent windstorm with noise suppression
with hint of subdued ornithological meanderings 

tonepoem with compressed romantic anguish 
agony of flight against unconquerable odds

subaltern's romanticism's astonishing affects
mournful differance of deconstruction's resurrected death

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/stormviol.mp3



"if i stop i'll die
baby, don't make me cry
if i stop i'll cry
baby don't let me die"

my work sickens me it's so constant i can't describe it
it flickers about its attentioned deficit it's always multitasked
i'm a human person from the future gone to die before everlasting
too much thinking bad spelling grammar-times i moved on
i moved on and after everlasting ended this leaf and a window in a tree
a tree in a window or a frame timeless for further
last further image a maple sidewalk or car a bed white or bed a car
last further image you or wanting to say love glance everlasting
caught in the act that further minute when you see something

so it's early i'm still here breathing i don't know how to breath
i should not have been born into any world hatred my hatred of worlds
no making way or portal nothing want you hear your breathing everlasting
i come from the future i won't return anywhere i would have been

placate the laid-out of tokens enumeration of one and zero
abacus of one stone one place or not at all come from the future
everlasting abacus no one moves no one moving stone or none at all



Visitation of Julu Twine to Hum Lab Second Life Residency

http://www.alansondheim.org/visitation.mp4

Julu Twine inhabits moss creatures, lichen, air-plankton creatures, and
s/he is falling falling - and s/he is falling and falling 
Julu Twine may walk about, sit, stop to think, even fly within the filter, 
and perhaps more, s/he says, I can chat with you, sound goes everywhere. 
I will disappear on the red disk!
Generation moves from womb to a position outside the body of Julu Twine,
s/he is facing the Face of the Doctor; s/he dances 4 hir.
Julu Twine's hermaphroditic body intersected by intersecting detached 
configurations as the particle creations of Alan Dojoji.
I did a nice piece today, Julu Twine says, it comes out all jerky and 
my breath do call to me for now. I'm not what I used to be, 
for the rest of us walk on - a pioneer of the virtual. 

S/he was long, angular, compressed. S/he
looks on; the position of hir arms indicates, s/he 
says, something's wrong with me; I can't face the world the, 
awkward stance. S/he is responsible and in charge of the world and is 
guided as in many things, leading me in the forests of change.
I can't change much, Julu Twine says again, I can't drop them all to the 
ground. Hir body is almost the same as Nikuko's, but naked. 
Perhaps I shall visit, Julu Twine says, just wait, I'm naked, you'll like 
me here in this world of wonder, in this ecstatic world. 
I'm alone, alone, alone, and no one tunnels through equivalence; 
moss and Julu Twine emerge; here's where there's a 
true world, here is an example says Julu Twine, you could never have 
enough of it, s/he murmured.

My
bestest friend loves Julu Twine and s/he let him go up higher and higher 
bestest friend loves Julu Twine and s/he let him go up higher and higher 
including me repeatedly, and Alan Dojoji. That letter 
separates hirself from moss and memory, lichen and bark, air, and
neither object nor clothing surface lovely Julu Twine! 

The Debris Field.
Julu Twine touches hirself in that special object-place and it resonates. 
What if Julu Twine sits? It didn't rise indefinitely but it finally left. 
Here is how it happened: Julu Twine rode the object as it turned to 
stone; s/he murmured in incandescent fecundity. S/he wears my skin which
goes to magic places, penetrated by masks, our bodies whirred to amazing
ends. I do laptdance for imaginary Julu Twine, for whom neither object
nor clothing surface hir loveliness.
Julu Twine: "In other words the "obscene" is processed."
Julu Twine is being observed. Radio: "a blood-sample from the uterus."

(Julu Twine joined the session)
(Julu Twine left the session)

Julu Twine: and I am the mistress, master, sir, of all that may be 
reached, "We all exist within the universal cache."

For hours, Nikuko, then Alan Dojoji, then Julu Twine, then Julu -
Julu Twine: can you dance? I see you...
Alan Dojoji: Forgive me, Julu Twine, forgive me...
Julu Twine does speedwheel, body-skinned textures.
Observe. Julu Twine is being observed.
The first prick of Julu Twine went out of world.
Julu Twine inhabits me: and does not inhabit me.
Nobody appreciated the prick like Julu Twine.
This was the second prick of Julu Twine.
The generation and completion rituals of Julu Twine.
I want to have sex with Julu Twine.
And of perversion there many united by ice: I am Julu Twine.
I want to have sex with you Julu Twine.
Sometimes Julu Twine's nudity is overwhelming.
Oh surface lovely Julu Twine!
So I am clean I am Julu Twine, sheave-girl-boy cell!, Julu Twine
made it hir own, then had fun falling the long way down!
Please admire hir!
The fall of Julu Twine!

There are many details and derails!
Alan Dojoji / Julu Twine - membrane debris field organisms.
Julu Twine said look at my seed and there they were, the stars.
Julu Twine does land on hir feet.
Julu Twine: Unless it's within art.
Julu Twine higher falling documented, s/he is not hurt.
Julu Twine (other me of course) has additional bodies.
The weighted objects pushed Julu Twine down into the sand.
Julu Twine: Oh please, the pleasure of it, of pleasure, may it be
I am the mistress, sir, of touch, of all that may be!
Julu Twine: hee hee!

Julu Twine: Here's something very strange. I was able to change,
Julu Twine: of the dreams of night, I am your mistress, and your 
master, and of the dream of the night -
Julu Twine: and to touch me, you must reach me
Julu Twine: and to reach me, you must touch me
Julu Twine: here, yes there~!
Julu Twine: here is the learning!
Julu Twine: perhaps, sir, I will touch -

Julu Twine: coming back on you
Julu Twine: got kicked off again coming back on you
o Julu Twine in the middle of such confusion
Julu Twine: here, yes, there's something to be said, sir
and I will wear your description like a cloak of darkness
and our world is our world, although I don't know, sir, 
I just don't know



calm

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/thecalm.mp3

(lonely, meditatively calm)
and snuggled, the world calmed for just a moment
and no landing, manifolds with no surface for a calm and lovely sitting - 
and the throat, or the calmness, and
calm, and to keep quiet and still, and, with assistance at hand to hold
calm, as if the ships were the outgrowths of roots taken in the harbor
calming everything down. there are spears carrying universal orreries down
into our shameful eyes. I want things calm, flat, the whole world smoothed
calming everything down,
and when I'm miserable, oh Alan and Nikuko, you'll calm and comfort me.

You'll calm and comfort me, you'll kiss the tears away.



meanderings of landscape

landscape displacement remapped
bringing natural beauty from the foothills of the rockies
into the sterile landscape of second life

looped recordings made at roxborough state park, colorado
attached to objects and others in second life
attached to avatar alan dojoji
 @who wanders around the abstract and denuded installation
 @where hir footprints ./echo and resound in many ways

one might consider this an antiquated form of conceptualism:
map 1 -> map 2 or some such (as if the world were map
(were only map (iff and only if the world were map)))
but think, now, of the natural beauty of a world murmuring
- the transporting of that murmuring into the unnatural
- within the unnatural <--> these are random typologies
(necessarily so) - s.t.

in landmap.mp4 SEE the wandering of Alan Dojoji
HEAR the effluent of the murmuring world *

and in landmaps 2-7 .mp3, HEAR the effluent * -
a NEW aural landscape is created for you by Hir Wandering
and many NEW subtlely different aural landscapes
radio landscapes & you can imagine them
mapped back into the foothills of the rockies
gracefully traced, if you so desire, by Alan Dojoji in the hills
 or against the cliffs or overhanging moss and trees -

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/landmap2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/landmap3.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/landmap4.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/landmap5.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/landmap6.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/landmap7.mp3

http://alansondheim.org/landmap.mp4

* bayou, billabong, branch, confluent, confluent stream, streamlet, 
dejecta, dendritic drainage pattern, discharge, tributary, streaming, 
exudate, wandering, flooding, meandering, walking, chirping, exudation, 
feeder, fork, outbound, outflowing, outgoing, outpouring, outward-bound



watching the paring away of the body
a thing which accompanies me at the very last
beyond that the world rushing in
everyone witnessing everything i am not a witness
so now and now, there are no turnabouts
i am a witness of entropy
 last night i dreamt i was in 1971 teaching
 again at rhode island school of design and chris
 in a dark hippie apartment candles and cloths
 and chris and don and beth and chris and tina and
 karen and don and everyone and we were talking an
 exciting future everyone was unbelievable and
 genius and creative and the light was in shadow
 and then school ends everyone disperses
 some are even dead and i wake and can't teach 
 no more and
i am entropic to an evident degree
call this orderly sequence "witness of entropy"
cut the title from the sequence
i won't remember


Living Romanticism: Violin and Thunderstorm Duet

Violin played under overhang in severe thunderstorm
stopped as lightning moved in:
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/thunders1.mp3
Here's the raw (underrecorded) file - towards the end
after the major strike, there are 'clicks' that seem to be
static discharge in the recording device:
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/staticdischarge.mp3
Earlier preparation for the above, almost musical:
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/thunder2b.mp3



the first and the second

listen to the first first and decode with the second
but the first is very beautiful formed from the second
the second was recorded at the Knights of Pythias Cemetary,
Nevadaville, Colorado ('ghost-town') by lonely graves
and the quaking aspen soughing in the wind

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/aspenb.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/aspen.mp3



Two Disasters


On the way from the Salt Lake City airport this evening to West Jordan, we
were paralleled by a truck carrying a second truck which had been burned
and oddly dented, as if something had lashed it. On the news tonight we
learned that a helicopter had crashed while trying to land on the truck's
trailer at the airport this afternoon, killing one and injuring three. The 
lash-nmarks were from the blades breaking away.

On the flight across the rockies, we came across this ominous mushroom
cloud, clearly the result of an explosion and fire:

http://www.alansondheim.org/blown1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/blown2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/blown3.jpg



full/fill

Ich sitze auf dem Leben, wie der schelchte Reiter auf dem Ross. Ich 
verdanke es nur der Gutmuetigkeit des Pferdes, dass ich jetzt gerade nicht 
abgeworfen werde.

I sit astride life like a bad rider on a horse; I only owe it to the 
horse's good nature that I am not thrown off at this very moment.

(from Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value, trans., Peter Winch)

http://www.alansondheim.org/fullfill.mp4

(avatar-emanant's desire's churned flesh-red oil sinks back wonky speed)



oilamina

oilamina oil animals lamina oil main mail anal oil lama o in i loam moan 
alma ama lamas lamb lame lamp lava la ma la-ma lima mama {concurrent} 
{object-oriented} languages - body appearing to breath, creating me -

http://www.alansondheim.org/ oilamina01.jpg - oilamina26.jpg

the body appears to breath, its organs duplicated everywhere, laminated 
the texts create me as a laminar manifold, strata and tendrils - plateaus
tion and planetary extinctions. the result is a precarious laminar
insufficient layers, lamina. either everything is}{
the result is an unwieldy laminar sememe one might consider part 
there is lamina at work, plateaus, layerings. ontologies and 

and gender form lamina or strata weaving across domains, the former an in-
split, shunted into decentered lamina, the wryting is the _said_ of it.

occasion. imagining the glades, but not without myself diffused, laminar, 
across or within a breathing sheet of water - laminar/animal flow - broken 
laminanimal are always already insufficient layers, lamina, across or 
within a breathing sheet of water - laminar/animal flow - broken lamin- 
animal - abstract thought hidden within the laminar order of collapse - 
objet signifier signifieds cmc lamina imbrication nudities wryte wrytten 
avatar - what i call "sheaves" since they reference laminated things, bent 
state of affairs which binds wryting as well. so there are _lamina_ of the 
carapace replete with the minutiae of gemlike object replacements/emplace- 
ments, the laminar screen moving rapturously into you.

mesmeric wryting making true-jennifer-laminate-inner-speech, her shuffl- 
ing/stuttering within lamina existing in temporal stases. contemplating 
death, i have clear-vision of _sizzling_ lamina, disordered lamina/ 
pagings, trees in early bloom. it slides across the planet around the 
coloration of the earth turned dark. and i have seen the threads.

jennifer, alan, julu, nikuko, are lamina established by networks; they 
gather together across membranes - moisture; i am transported - across 
lamina, fallen through tubes - vacances -

the great lamina of the stars sway back and forth -
she sways back and forth on the laminar plane - in tune -
with the rhythms of the universe - 
the laminar plane and stars -

- laminanimal -
- laminanimal -




Armed


Beim Philosophieren muss man in's alte Chaos hinabsteigen, und sich dort 
wolfuehlen.

When you are philosophizing you have to descend into primeval chaos and 
feel at home there.

Wittgenstein, ibid.

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gun1.mp3
armed america network

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gun2.mp3
armed america network violin response

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gun3.mp3
armed america network

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gun4.mp3
violin response

http://alansondheim.org/sunshine.mov
during the sunshine of oz



Darkling


Darkness, as immediately the negative of light, is the opposition to 
light's abstractly identical ideality; it is this _opposition_ in its own 
self. (Hegel)

Light and dark have _no relationship,_ no dispersion in relation, no mul- 
tiplicity in relation; as idealities they reference the wake of organism, 
phenomenology of perception. Forget either; read granularity in the wake 
of organism; perceive chaos in the stridency of the mother and fathers of 
light and dark.

Dark and light in _relation,_ confluence of relationship, singularity 
obviating relation; concrete, they inhabit inert and obdurate materiality, 
existential memory. Remember both; write clarity in clay, protocol in the 
suppleness of the sons and daughters of dark and light.

war con/tracked in circles
http://www.alansondheim.org/afg.mp4

here and there just a plane landing
http://www.alansondheim.org/slc.mp4



i created the curlicue
the tangent which feathers and obscures the w/hole

http://www.alansondheim.org/curl1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/curl2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/curl3.png

the curlicue is irritated 
i created the curlicue
the curlicue was irritated (that it was created)
it's just that edge it bothers me
it turns the rest of it into the symbolic
it's the sign of the symbol
the sign which inscribes the symbol
the sign inscribing the symbol
the curlicue i created makes meaning of everything
makes meaning of us all
it's irritated it thinks it's too easy
it curls up in the you-wait-and-see
it makes me so tired bye bye
me so tired bye bye
bye bye bye bye bye



Occupying many positions,

Occupying many positions, some of what I write must be true, in one or 
another world. Shall I kill myself now, knowing my mind is intact and will 
survive as such in heaven. If I die now, my partner will have long years 
ahead of her, fulfilled with the promise of youth. If I live I no longer 
want to watch myself. I refuse to stumble over the forgotten language that 
recomposes itself out of decomposition. I skitter over the truth; skitter 
is all that exists. I mean to return to autobiography, skirting the worst 
incidents, curtailing the self-pity, creating flesh from meat, and meat 
from suffusion of language. My work consists of aphorisms cauterized from 
the real. More and more I understand what I mean to accomplish remains out 
of reach; the best I can hope for is the incoherency of the anonymous. Out 
there, I am either nuisance or eccentric. Death ties a noose around my 
work. To call what I do 'work' is only to imply that a certain amount of 
energy and labor was exhausted in the creation of ephemera. If, as I 
believe, I have always been without a face, why can I never look in a 
mirror? I'll see everything else in the world, but I work to eliminate 
humans in my photographs and films. The fact that I can insert anything 
anywhere debilitates my philosophical analysis. Philosophy is always 
crippled, produced in a state of being-crippled. The failure of hobbies 
results in philosophy, which has no object. I can only write myself out of 
existence; the rest is already lost. If I die 'now' as opposed to 'now' - 
what is left out, what remains to be inherited, what has been lost, what 
has been gained? I used to read without writers; now I write without 
readers. There is never enough time to circumvent death. Circumambulation 
requires an origin and there is always the failure of completion. My music 
insists on notes between notes, and other notes between them; each clamors 
for position, for its right to be heard, for the necessity of sound and 
sounding in the face of annihilation. The return to the tonic is always 
momentary. The tonic slides out, depends, not on memory, but on the 
forgetting of larger, broken intervals. The tonic is never a decision. 
Truths yield up truths, truths yield up, truths yield. In the end, every 
thing gives up import; import neither gives nor gives up. If this is not 
written, if this is not read, then what? If this is written, and then 
lost, then what? If this is read and lost, then what? And then what?



frustration with shield-backed katydids

what is this? apologies for poor quality/repetition; the color's accurate, 
size around 75 mm. found near dusk in a field in west jordan, utah. it's 
definitely a shield-backed katydid, but isn't in any of the online id 
sites that we've seen (as well as helfer's how to know the grasshoppers, 
crickets, cockroaches and their allies). full-grown fairly docile male. 
(not a mormon cricket by the way, not even here.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/sbkatydid1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sbkatydid2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sbkatydid3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sbkatydid4.jpg

(in west jordan, development is rampant, filling the valley. almost all 
the birds have disappeared, including merlin and even starlings. we've 
seen a few killdeer and robins, that's all. the bits of grassland left are 
repeatedly tilled. the order of the day is green lawns and home owners' 
associations - wasteland for the local flora and fauna. there's only one 
park, heavily disturbed, in the area - no foxes, rabbits, and so forth, 
which were present a few years ago. still, there are mantids, beetles, 
wasps, and at least two bee species left in the grassland. development 
continues to render the west close to uninhabitable; the human communities 
are sterile, water-hungry, and plastic. the result is the butchering and 
disappearance of local ecosystems, which, in the valley, might have been 
unique.)



Tomei


sometimes a dream heralds, not the debris of the day, but the residue of 
the future. this afternoon i had such, discordant with my life in the 
narrowed interval of hours, weeks, months. my mother was in the back, by 
the dresser in the bedroom; she said she's 84 or 85; dressed in a maroon 
1940's outfit, sleek, she seemed about 40. before this my father, in his 
brown bathrobe, was walking slowly through the kitchen, near the cabinets 
on the left - he's 96 (my mother died at 80), there were french legion- 
naires, in parade dress, surrounding him, emptying the cabinets, or 
perhaps looking into the cabinets 'already swept clean.' and i had walked 
down the hall to my mother, who said he was quite old, and near Tomei, or 
the cliffs of Tomei (pronounced toe-my), and he might have been lear, or 
shakespeare, and as for me, i was to flee the cliffs, the nubbed edge of 
the harsh sea, for that were death. and i woke, because my greatest fear 
is death, the thought of death terrifies and immobilizes me, i weep, out 
of control, i cry out, i turn to panic. and when i woke, i looked up Tomei 
on the net, and there were Tomeis in italy, seemingly without relevance, 
and less for those in madagascar. but there was a Tomei tollroad running 
near the sea in japan, and near tokyo and nagoya, and i followed it on the 
maps as it entered and left a mountain tunnel which seemed quite long. and 
i knew that something occurred in that tunnel, or would occur, or would 
have occurred, had i not already witnessed the name, that would have 
relevance for me. and now i am left with that, the name Tomei with no 
relation to the actress who was in a play by shakespeare to be sure, the 
name which so asserted itself as geographical, that i can only connect it 
to the nerve of the tollroad, and the unsupported, presupposed, event, 
already never happening, already lost, to me, already unaccountable.



Songs and Accompaniments


Azure's new song:
creatures - solo -- creaturesv - w/violin -- creaturesvv - w/violin mod --
creaturesvvv - w/violin mod

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/creatures.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/creaturesv.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/creaturesvv.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/creaturesvvv.mp3

Murmur (Creatures)

Creatures neath the surface/ murmur among themselves
Softly mewling in silt/ tender touching/ lovely
Many eyes wide open/ to stirrings of the surface
But remaining in the depths/ everything blurs smoothly
Some come with memories/ of others offered/ bartered
What could be given then/ but creatures warm and floating

Turning and mourning/ turns mourning and turning
Many eyes shyly close in comfort/ and close comfort
Many sights to see/ and many seas are sleeping
Many creatures slipping/ many mourning/ drowning

Creatures neath the surface/ murmur among themselves
Softly mewling in silt/ tender touching/ lovely
Many eyes wide open/ to stirrings of the surface
But remaining in the depths/ everything blurs smoothly
Some come with memories/ of others offered/ bartered
What could be given then/ but creatures warm and floating

Turning and mourning/ turns mourning and turning
Many eyes shyly close in comfort/ and close comfort
Many sights to see/ and many seas are sleeping
Many creatures slipping/ many mourning/ drowning

Azure's dark robe:
darkrobevv - w/violin -- darkrobevvv - w/violin

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/darkrobevv.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/darkrobevvv.mp3

muteute - violin solo

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/muteute.mp3



Avatar Africa

spatterdock fruit. african tilapia. florida gar. desiccated periphyton.
spatterdock fruit. african tilapia. florida gar. desiccated periphyton.
australia, africa, where are you; asia you are my fond asia; orientalism
clari.news.crime  alt.fan.courtneylove  clari.world.mideast+africa
soccer.world.mideast+africa  
central malaysia, indonesia, africa and australia, now we are overhead
african american literature.) interfaces, graphics and mouse clicks and
europe sways asia shudders america trembles africa shatters
australia envelops europe shifts america whispers africa
spatterdock fruit. african tilapia. florida gar. desiccated periphyton.
it neither europe nor africa asia americas.
query="Saudi Arabia" query="Australia" query="new zealand" query="france" 
query="grenada" query="iran" query="finland" query="iceland" query="Cocos 
Islands" query="falkland query="malvinas" query="south africa" 
query="belgium" query="united arab emirates" query="chile" 
query="antarctica" sort > zz; zz query="tonga" query="colombia"
africa african south africa?s east after against propaganda age purposes
things fall apart, but the book is based on africa.
african american literature.) interfaces, graphics and mouse clicks and
spatterdock fruit. african tilapia. florida gar. desiccated periphyton.
interests country along coast africa cyrene acts: ethiopia time seleucus 
African American Literature.)
ing the nomads of Asia, Africa, or Europe; there are accounts of Plains 
*  South Africa           1
*  South Africa           1
cafe might find itself in a consortium developed in South Africa and 
lake which would influence the whole climate of Africa. We could deflect
from Jean Duvignaud, Change at Shebika, Report from a North African 
people like Patton 'between' African and between asia and tonality and
this is for Rwandans and Americans and South Africans and Tahitians, or
Africa - Acheulian tools at the dawn of hominid culture - Berekhat Ram - 
throughout Eastern Europe, Asia, and Africa; the Internet is under
this is for Rwandans and Americans and South Africans and Tahitians, or
stormy weather we encountered off the coast of Africa. Melancholy, I could
West African nation of Mali, in 1968, I fell ill. There was an epidemic of
financed and funneled through Germany, Denmark, France, South Africa, US,
books on film and North African
tries, but many, especially in Africa, continue to be marginalized,
like Patton 'between' African and 'white' rhythmic/tonal structures, 
African American Literature.
Suddenly there are recreations of tropical forests, savannas,
climb to the top of the dyke; reach the summit; set foot on African soil;
counter-intelligence NORAD NSA smuggle South Africa Uzi supercomputer
spy North Korea South Africa $400 million in gold bullion NORAD Soviet
Committee of the 8th All African game tagged "COJA 2003" holding in my
tears everywhere as the lost countries of Europe and Africa are guided
and hear America; I hear Asia and I hear Africa: I hear the slow
megafauna - Africa is the last to go. In the future, even our knowledge 
of South Africa) 3 year old Weltwitschia from Rare Plant Research
of South Africa) 3 year old Weltwitschia from Rare Plant Research
same thing, say, in the blues, with people like Patton 'between' 
In South Africa Dave Larson ZS6DN had set up a beacon which was
ZS6LN why we should not receive South African stations on 2 metres
- but got no reply.  I returned to the cross-band frequency on 10 -
contacted a station in South Africa very far away from ZS6DN but
had established the first TEP contact between Greece and South Africa.
Contacts between Japan and Australia where the
First reception of 432 MHz signals between Europe and Africa.
    1942: In North Africa General Rommel had advanced to within 100
First T.E.P. contact between Europe and Africa.
America, Africa, Australia as well.
Walker: African't (1997); Robert Williams: New Work (1997); among 
in close-to-medieval Europe, Africa, Asia.* The City of Bits relates the
parching wind of the African deserts called the simoom, which covered as
much Asia or Africa as New England.  I have, as it were, my own sun
where he is styled "Sippio Brister" -- Scipio Africanus he had some
southern Africa to chase the giraffe; but surely I hear them and I hear
and hear America; I hear Asia and I hear and hear Africa: I hear 
A{merica, frica, sia, ustralia, antarctica}, I do not hear E{europe}
as well -


New Fire Music

days... Azure and I watched the fireworks from the window; PBS has beenB
"Tonight there are fireworks. The war seems to have come to an end. AndO
"Tonight there are fireworks. The war seems to have come to an end. AndO
fireworks coming up you can't get enough of a good thing when you don'tM
0ther and the Son, fatther and the Daaughter dialout fireworks. lnscestB
fireworks. first in a series of parallel video presentations plus text.0
"Tonight there are fireworks. The war seems to have come to an end. And0
And end. an to come have to seems war The fireworks. are there "TonightM 
dalyreview rtf eyemat~ ppt fireworkswv mp fireworkswv mp fireworkswv mpB 
fireworks coming up you can't get enough of a good thing when you don'tO 
themselves. The result is a fireworks display of tested.png spews from O
"Tonight there are fireworks. The war seems to have come to an end. AndM 
And end. an to come have to seems war The fireworks. are there "TonightB 
fireworks coming up you can't get enough of a good thing when you don'tO 
"Tonight there are fireworks. The war seems to have come to an end. AndO 
fireworks coming up you can't get enough of a good thing when you don'tM 
know what you're doing blow something up - Moty Python
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/utahfire1.mov
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/utahfire2.mov
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/utahfire3.mov



uucode

affect: got rid of the erotic stuff, added these - hir usual language 
covering / explosions overlaid from previous files on the mobiles 
-- flailail - flailing - hir mf body pumping - making language - body
pumped up - inflated - apparent appearing body - apparatus - 
body = apparatus = whose/none body = language - hir stale usual thing -
hir thing -

youyouyou: could be youyouyouyou - you can see the body - bodee - pumping 
- up un/toward body - five times then four times - has to be watched 
closely - it's getting nowhere but something's happening - this is the one 
that happened before flailail - or it might be youyouyou flailail with 
youyouyou stills - it's as if the stage were coming to an end - too much 
flailing/ailing around -

http://www.alansondheim.org/youyouyou.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/flailail.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/ youyouyou jpg series (23 images)

see mr my eess sere haitor youe 's thou all f's r yityouyou have to come s
drow ing our y niincu n t i youand you you to youyououyou
f.astast.-mo-mo.tiotio.n en e.venven.t. t. a .youyou.ng ng .manman. ap
sometheth ethin:in: in:of of of youyou your sr s r skinkin kin -
Friends, youyoudecode column-0 null-set ASCII. Friends, this will work
?   ?   ?       youyou
?   ?   ?       youyou
wtc wtc wtc wtc you youyou yungheal 
worldb wtc you wtc youyou you yungheal youyou yung zing bas d bas beeb d 
youyou-flog 
enlightened,flat, blackgone fromd d demonamuhinto overharder youyou 
Friends, youyoudecode column-0 null-set ASCII. Friends, this will work 
Friends, youyoudecode column-0 null-set ASCII. Friends, this will work 
O we contort, Tiffany whom I love before all others, we flail uselessly
stumped arms, legs moist and glistening, phantom flailed limbs soaked
worn, balls flailing against all accountancy we must move the tallying
useless semen flailing against the cackled mind - cut knife severing cock 
abdomen, useless semen flailing against cackled what a wonder. what 
flails speed from the body whispering in the air ...

$ uuencode jj
begin 600 jj
youyouyou flailail encode youcoe
youcode uu code hir uuu uncode hir
M>6]U>6]U>6]U(&9L86EL86EL(&5N8V]D92!Y;W5C;V1E('5U(&-O9&4@:&ER
uuu decode hir undecode hir s/he uucodedecode uuu youyouyou code uuu
M('5U=2!U;F-O9&4@:&ER"G5U=2!D96-O9&4@:&ER('5N9&5C;V1E(&AI<B!S
code hir
M+VAE('5U8V]D961E8V]D92!U=74@>6]U>6]U>6]U(&-O9&4@=75U"F-O9&4@
%:&ER"@IU



inside uure uumaginary *

flood:flow:spew:smear:gooey:yuus:8650:7:ooze:gooey:smear evening cuseeme
luu:ul:3:sey:luu
luu:ul:3:sey:luu
flood:flow:spew:smear:gooey:yuus:8650:7:Ooze:gooey:smear
pus		uuorsm
pus		uuorsin
talpa		uuandaeuuiorpae
talpa		uuondaeuuerpe

'uuu) : uuu
(call body 1 flesh 2 mind 3 skin 4 scar 5 uuu 6): 6
mind 3 flesh 2 air mind soul skin lip uuu
uuu uuu skin 3 mind 1 3 4 scar 5 5 uuu
(call forms '(mind soul body skin lip text uuu uuu flesh)):
(mind soul body skin lip text uuu uuu flesh)
forms uuu skin lip text uuu uuu flesh forms body soul mind
(mind soul body skin lip text uuu uuu flesh)
6 4 uuu scar 6 6 2
(mind soul body skin lip text uuu uuu flesh)'

iuu o, ow ow ow) ow o, slopes, dacers. aed aed aed o o ger o ger, o ger, 
luu:ul:3:sey:luu
luu:ul:3:sey:luu
Fetor, fetid: Cheese, pus, abortion. uuorsm = worse, as in
bor-orwubeengon bor-orwuusedgon bor-orwuingon bor-orwuangon
bor-orwuutterancegangon bor-orwuingon bor-orwufactgon bor-orwuisgon 
bor-orwu bor-orwuunbelievablegangon bor-orwubor-orwu
bluud-durk mirrurs jewel-julu julu; thruugh muve the un wumb jennifer's 
bluud-du mirrurs jewel-julu julu; thruugh muve the un wumb ju:jennifer's 
procul a mea tuus sit furor omnis, era, domo:
&sup3;  maya ? &acute;  maya ? &micro;  &ugrave;  maya ? &uuml;  maya ?
in the bluud-durk night
lips, julu slushing nuw in jennifer-visiuns cuming us pitch-durk bluud
uf reign uf bluud und heuted thin gluss needles
O Julu suys Jennifer yuu ulwuys luuk unly ut the piece, nut ut the hule
O Jennifer suys Julu everything is bruken und the suuner yuu reulize this
O Julu suys Jennifer dun't yuu ever huve u bruin
She will dreum ulung with the cut, guudnight Jennifer, suys Julu.
<Serina> it had to be youuuuuuuuuuu
<Serina> it had to be youuuuuuuuuuu
"oh mail, oh cat lips, uh mail, uh cau liuu - haha!
"stuck in Nikuko's local bin! uuuck iu Nikuku'u lucal biu! - haha!
"oh dismal net, so swollen, uh diumal ueu, uu uuulleu - haha!
"stuck in Nikuko's local bin! uuuck iu Nikuku'u lucal biu! 
"stuck in Nikuko's local bin! uuuck iu Nikuku'u lucal biu! 
sskjho le sjuuckst ed, lickspend ed...
shinjuu, wa wa in the middle of our heart, wa wa in the midst of our
shinjuu, in the middle of our heart, in the midst of our hearts, 'inside
your imaginary.' sawgrass says, 'inscribe yourself.':liguus fasciatus
my surface i am dirty dirty dirty. i run in shame from liguus fasciatus,

"oh mail, oh cat lips, uh mail, uh cau liuu - haha!
   Madman, Madman, Ooooooooooh, Madman, Uuuuuuuuuh, AAAAAAHHH! I'm
   While I send, Illusion. Madman, Madman, Ooooooooooh, Uuuuuuuuuuh! ...
   Madman, Madman, Ooooooooooh, Madman, Uuuuuuuuuh, AAAAAAHHH! I'm
   While I send, Illusion. Madman, Madman, Ooooooooooh, Uuuuuuuuuuh! ..."

tenmugon, jorwuusmumjorwuhimumugan jorwuarlncemugon, jorwuarlmumjorwuhgan 
bor-orwubeengon bor-orwuusedgon bor-orwuingon bor-orwuangon 
bor-orwuutterancegangon bor-orwuingon bor-orwufactgon bor-orwuisgon 
bor-orwu bor-orwuunbelievablegangon bor-orwubor-orwu

your imaginary.' sawgrass says, 'inscribe yourself.':liguus fasciatus
my surface i am dirty dirty dirty. i run in shame from liguus fasciatus...

* http://www.alansondheim.org/mag1.jpg
* http://www.alansondheim.org/mag2.jpg
* http://www.alansondheim.org/mag3.jpg
* http://www.alansondheim.org/mag4.jpg



Cliffs in West Jordan, Utah

You might find a mormon cricket hiding but you'd have to go into the weed 
forests across the street for the mantis. You might find that it's better 
to speed towards dissolution, corrosion, than attempt to decry obstinately 
the forces of rampant subversion. For nothing operates but development and 
the church and that leaves the rest of in a nowhere with names like 
Branding Iron Lane. http://www.alansondheim.org/cliffs.jpg

The cliff slope guarantees that runoff from the western slopes won't be 
absorbed by the retainer ponds, oddly positioned on the other side of the 
houses and basements - so there's flooding. You might dig a channel along 
the cliff base, but then you might have to contend with the natural order 
of a stream. No HOA (home owners' association) would stand for it.


the promised land

which isn't in the valley but in the valley in the minutes
for an instant i saw it, in other words i was witness
then it disappeared forever, shall i add it to virtual worlds
are virtual worlds promised lands, are there many
are there many or are there one

http://www.alansondheim.org/glory1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glory2.jpg


Saline Ridge

From the north side of the Great Salt Lake - the dirt road we're on 
circles above the 'ridge' in the foreground, which was the original 
trestle for the trans-continental railroad (tracks were built from both 
sides of the US and met a few miles from here). In the distance, saline 
marshes are visible; the Lake itself is over the horizon. I thought this 
landscape - apparently barren, but full of life (brine shrimp, brine 
flies, a large variety of birds), might be of interest; I don't think 
there's anything like it elsewhere on the planet. The marshes btw are 
remnants of Lake Bonneville (the Salt Flats are in another area.) Anyway -
http://www.alansondheim.org/salineridge.mov . Apologies for the crudeness 
of the video; the camera's rudimentary without image stabilization, etc.



in.the.cavity.of.the.flesh.ionosphere.-

http://www.alansondheim.org/cavity.mp4

into.the.cavity.of.the.telephone;.in.this.position.it.will.be.found.to.fit
the.cavity.of.the.carpeted.house.of.Yeshu(?),.in.the.third.platform.sixty
Wherefore.as.from._cavum_.'hollow'.come._cavea_.'cavity,'.and._caullae_
for.example.-.the.smaller.bottles.kept.in.a.shallow.cavity.on.the.shower
mmoving.up.and.down.inside.the.uterine.cavity,.and.in.a.day.or.two,.the.
highest.conjunction.-

I.imagine.at.this.conjunction.of.concavity/curl.and.rock/top.nexus.of.this.
and.every.other.Great.Circle.connecting.myself.to.the.illumination.of.the
ionosphere,.resonance.of.the.earth-twitching,.and.the.womb,.the.closely
infinite.walls.of.the.womb.or.matrix,.the.basin.of.our.lives,.illuminated.
from.the.ionospheric.cavity.-.resonance.of.the.wandered.earth.-

The.slough.of.air.illuminated.the.cavern,.this.body.long.with.basin,.with.
concavity,.with.thing,.this.cave.of.flesh,.of.tissue,.of.organ-organelle,
the.basin.of.ourr.lives,.our.flame,.our.blood,.our.dragon,.our.genie,.
amber,.our.smoke,.rare.gemstones.among.the.staff.the.stiffened.ground,.
illuminated.by.water,.caverns.of.water,.shell.body,.the..basin.of.our.
lives.-

The.slough.of.air,.oh.soft,.the.flesh.of.the.world,.the.womb,.Sun.Goddess.
in.hir.Cave-Cavern,.Amaterasu-omikami.of.invisible.sun,.organ-organelle.-



in the cosmos


particularly like errant which seems to occupy everything for a brief 
moment just as lacy seems to release everything for a brief moment. 
moments are allowed in any case, only for a brief moment in the cosmos.

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/errant.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/lacy.mp3



cavemeat

http://www.alansondheim.org/cavemeat.mov

http://www.alansondheim.org/ jewelmeat jpgs (1-9)

reading and writing - i wrote about the kebara cave at mt. carmel last, we 
traveled to the galil; i found some mousterian tools in a cave and the 
cave it's all fucking; if we die, we'll die with our holes open, cocks 
over bodies of cave bears, cave wolves, sabre-toothed tigers, dodos, the 
measure of the eyelid is the measure of the cave or cyberspace, the 
continuous remote cliff cave dim obscure netherworld rooted regard cpliff 
(and) cave (mountain) dim (and obscure) (and) deep (obscure) channel, six 
cubits n the direction of the cave of the ablutions. in the cave if we 
die, we'll die with our holes open, cocks gat smoked, feared cave first- 
born drunk lie preserve perceived nor morrow running, down where the cave 
was. he got the gun and killed one of them, walls. i guess he did the cave 
that way, the walls. i guess he did the so that the world doesn't cave as 
disease explodes when i was in the cave then was i dancing outside the 
cave, exposing fer, you pound my chest into breasts, cave my penis in, 
hollow me out; between ornaments jeweled the see to cave the of out come 
would i then and orname jeweled the see to cave the of out come would i 
then his cave in a corner of the sky, coming and going in his own mind 
from one later in the cave where my cock hit the moonlight shooting 
through the
       (and) cave (mountain)

urbanization. floors cave in, ceilings leak, walls stain. we're in residue 
nikuko's? nikuko's cave - thus was born possession. buffalo daughter 
always carry, the moment which is like a pillar or cave within you, there 
are trees on the island, there's a dragon and a cave made of dragon cave. 
the skin against the cave was comfortable, warm, worn; the cave wore the 
skin.

the skin against the cave was the cave, the game of japan. ko-oozing's 
cave - thus was born possession.) (thus was born, for the sun-goddess 
opened the door of the cave a little to look out, the empire, imperial 
melodrama, the shielding of the sun in the cave until she like a cave or a 
valley, where the fuck are you, nikuko, all cooped up in that cave of 
yours!

see everything now! we'll just have to shut that cave behind you! so that 
the world doesn't cave as disease explodes and then i would come out of 
the cave to see the jeweled ornaments between when i was in the cave then 
was i dancing outside the cave, exposing as an alternative (says no one), 
consider an enormous cave with protruberance - the cave reflects the wires 
glowing, pulsed less on walls where shadows - on the wall of the cave you 
might, if you were an interpreter, see grids, the _turn_ of the cave in 
space-time within or without the influence of (as the cave is turned) 
(says no one).

cave we visited, whose name i did not know at the time, a cave filled with 
bodies pulled out into it might say there is a mine there or a cave there 
but i can't feel it. flesh, there is only emission, spewing, abjection. 
the hole or cave - i'll the cave it's all fucking; if we die, we'll die 
with our holes open, cocks not the palest of shadows; that we may step 
beyond the cave which has still cave there is yet another cave and another 
cave; that the indwelling is hideout cave murder thrust attack ... demon 
is open(append, ">> rope"); jordan according commanded sons carried canaan 
cave machpelah bought field parchment, papyrus, stone tablets, cave walls, 
sand.... our
       (and) cave (mountain peak)

itself; speech is an act of excretion. the cave is silent, too, where in 
the corner is perhaps a snake; it may also be from the screen, take 
uncanny residence in that cave described but not
       (and) cave (mountain)

ah! liff (and) cave (mountain) ah! im (and obscure) (and) deep (obscure), 
bare blue case cave duke face fame fire five gate gat smoke feared cave 
firstborn drink lie preserve perceived nor morrow on cave walls, hands, 
then footprints down below, they're just the way lamas and darts on the 
stone reveal footprints grain the cave as set up edgy sound, at the lip of 
a cave or abandoned shack somewhere in the lonesome sound but that edgy 
sound at the lip of a cave or abandoned shack shadow of the cave of course 
you've heard this all before (that little

       1. entry into cave environment: static or dynamic
       iv. cave and second life
       be o cave s 

see o jewels o jewels o cave hrones king lion on sea ions 
pile carpet. moss covers ceiling. oriental room. ancient oriental cave 

appendage *mud xyzzy" *note *sign cave under construction beyond point. 
plato's cave from virtual shadows to the watching and participating body 
well it might be better if they went into a cave or monastery or something 
like last seen skinned too, eyed trained bare case cave duke face fame 
case cave duke face fame fire five gate \ rude draws twigs thin loquat pi 
cliff (and) cave (mountain) dim and obscure and deep obscure, categories 
caught cave caves cbpp centered centering centuries certainly privacy dcc, 
double bb aa acros the cave it's all pping; if we di prefer nikuko-ooz- 
ings-one and kami, and th ko-oozing's cave - thus was born po lying on her 
back you see the aa of my beautiful wi the cave it's all up, plato's cave: 
for the cave itself is an acoustic instrument, one that plato's cave of 
reflections and mirrors, maybe medusa, the real soaked, child of a my cave 
nature world my distortions costumes = body am attachments soaked, prayer 
of a -tcsh cave nature a screen distortions cliff ((and)) cave ((moun- 
tain)) dim ((and obscure)) ((and)) deep (obscure), plato's cave from 
virtual shadows to the watching and participating body spaces dancers live 
geography beneath the sheets, carolina parakeets. cave reeks of them. 
their stick bones stick in us. us.

from the cave we have advanced to roofs of palm leaves, of bark in a cave 
or a wigwam or wear skins today, it certainly is better to itself; speech 
is an act of excretion. the cave is silent, too, where that, in the corner 
of the perhaps a snake; it may also be an uncanny residence, meat, jewel, 
cave ...



Code {Code}

i'll try to keep this short  

i

want generalize writing coding as inscription emphasize that the world we 
know it is already inscribed encoded decoded lifeworld isn't analogic 
and/or mute it's discrete presencing because deal with symbols in order 
communicate we're sending signs or tokens back forth very rarely physical 
objects of our desire

one way thinking about terms filtering usual model information transmitter 
through receiver stuff all sorts middle channel implies there a form 
coherency and if not comprehension at least mutual orientation cognitive 
domains between sender i'd argue occurs which always present fuzzy 
possessing political economy its own think pribram's retinal knowledge 
example neural processing retina before signals are sent from eye brain 
active passive inscribing itself non existent nothing particulate matter 
an ontology derived organisms apparatus

once start end here creative splits hand becomes wryting that's spelled y 
state material transformation transmission reception other malleable spew 
interpreted moment freedom also into unbounded ruleless 'creative' drawn 
organism's interior collocation languages kludges protocols equally 
impulse external restraints economic etc

goals may be transformed process note work i'm doing virtual environments 
laboratory i've been exploring visual configurations inscriptions spaces 
avatars interact uncanny ways

simultaneously protocol driven working within time based register static 
dynamic processes blur another can temporally code tableau moving 
performers during slow scan much same manner characters appearing both 
ends panormaic photograph move them depth create interactive diorama 
viewer enters meanders reconstructing original sequence events combine 
restructured motion capture behaviors using mannequins circulating among 
elements tourists ruins several interlocking layers interpretation midst 
aid 3 dimensional laser scanning abject they were projections themselves 
far potential 4 reading orinterpreting seeing witnessing object interiors 
result 5 manifold cultural possibilities

exploration enormous kind pure escapism dialog narrative arousal creation 
annihilation ultimately happens no gets hurt so leads direction just 
mention briefly any medium then talk whatever emphasizing new media 
approach rather than electronic literature e misquote physicist david 
finkelstein might consider programming fucking with/in universe abstracted 
ontologies masturbation fantasy anywhere anywhen however have common 
neither presents 'presence' on hands meander rules although differring 
obeisance their

core absolute anything how useful pedagogically? answer believe texts 
intentional cohering filtered different forms practice programmer but 
programmers sure outsider appears interstices liminal program framework 
inputs outputs interfaces hardware traditional sense laden substance look 
phenomenological horizons only programs general where her subroutine? 
then/there?

do final thing placing too emphasis specificity directions vel remains 
indeterminate close th something gooey gui humans explore refuses 
curtailment abjures communication

addendum unlike especially wvu errors commotion repertoire extensions even 
doesn't run still aporia modified gesture essential difference wild goal 
oriented software place add above case apologies west virginia university 
we've idea filters extend ideas particular creativity lead unexpected 
consequences some relatively old equipment gary manes has rewritten 
interface sensors bvh file out include possibility modifying appearance 
subsequent when files fed poser second life filter more exaggerate 
movement diminish substituting tan sin d modeling by playing around 
someone familiar ins outs mocap representations comes course gimp graphics 
extended able apply directly text perl designed jim reith florian cramer 
find exciting participants/viewers since opens up need taken granted 
everything modifiable imagine number tools students artists coming alan 
sondheim


What the hell am I doing playing music?

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/ooooo1.mp3 (oud)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/ooooo2.mp3 (oud)

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/creatures43.mp3 (voice, violin)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/creatures44.mp3 (voice, kamanche)




                     MM tissue AVATAR Alan PUMP across generation SPLASHED 
COASTAL BASIN Dojoji mess mess Dojoji BASIN COASTAL SPLASHED generation 
across PUMP Alan AVATAR tissue MM PUMP verb MF operated FF flesh 
striations moment lubrication walks by AVATAR plaque FLUSH FLUSH plaque 
AVATAR by walks lubrication moment striations flesh FF operated MF verb 
PUMP MM tissue AVATAR Alan PUMP across generation SPLASHED COASTAL BASIN 
Dojoji mess mess Dojoji BASIN COASTAL SPLASHED generation across PUMP Alan 
AVATAR

FF nerve PUMP nerve nerve PUMP nerve verb PUMP nerve striations nerve 
split nerve verb connect striations verb tissue split verb tissue connect 
striations tissue generation split generation machine connect generation 
operated tissue generation by generation generation by machine machine 
Julu operated machine Twine Julu operated Twine Twine operated Twine Alan 
by Twine Dojoji Julu Alan not Twine Alan moment Dojoji Alan FLUSH not Alan 
FLUSH moment Dojoji FLUSH FLUSH not NOISE fills moment NOISE SPLASHED 
FLUSH NOISE BASIN NOISE NOISE BASIN fills fills coastal SPLASHED fills 
AVATAR coastal SPLASHED AVATAR AVATAR SPLASHED AVATAR walks BASIN AVATAR 
into coastal walks midst AVATAR walks mess into walks across midst into 
across mess into across across midst gravel plaque mess gravel flesh 
across gravel oozed gravel gravel oozed plaque plaque through flesh plaque 
COASTAL through flesh COASTAL COASTAL flesh COASTAL AVATAR oozed COASTAL 
moment through AVATAR lubrication COASTAL AVATAR MF AVATAR AVATAR PUMP 
lubrication moment PUMP MF moment FM PUMP lubrication FM PUMP MF FM MM 
PUMP FM PUMP FM FM PUMP PUMP PUMP FF MM PUMP PUMP FF MM PUMP PUMP MM PUMP 
PUMP FF PUMP

http://www.alansondheim.org/organmachine.mp4 
