
ah goodbye, goodbye, meeting is neither sweet nor sorrow, but the meat of 
death
itself...
goodbye, garcia,
goodbye



an example of using text dialog with real and virtual spaces

creating a fractured choreographed environment
dedicated to Carrie Ahern's Sensate
and to a universe coupled with tangled and insurmountable beginnings
http://www.alansondheim.org/social.mov




From Uttarakalamrita

It is from the 7th house that the following should be predicted: (1) 
marriage (2) unchastity (3) winning of a love (4) enmity with a debauched 
female (5) deviation from the right path (6) good perfume (7) music (8) 
flowers (9) eating of savoury food and good drinks (10) chewing betel 
leaves with areca (11) break in a journey (12) curd (13) loss of memory 
(14) acquisition of clothes and the like (15) semen virile (16) purity of 
the husband (17) a pair of wives (18) the male or female organ (19) urine 
(20) the anus (21) trade (22) sweet drink (23) tasting of nectar, soup, 
ghee, etc. (24) gift (25) destruction of power (26) overthrow of the enemy 
(27) money that is locked up in another place (28) controversy (29) sexual 
union (30) adopted son (31) tasting of things prepared in ghee (32) 
foreign place (33) wife (34) all secret pleasures arising from sexual 
union and (35) theft.

[...]

(1) White umbrella (2) a good chowrie (3) garment (4) marriage (5) income 
(6) a biped (man) (7) woman (8) Brahmin (9) benefic (10) whiteness (11) 
wife (12) sexual happiness (13) short (14) sour (15) flower (16) command 
(17) fame (18) youthful vigour (19) vehicle (20) silver (21) South-east 
quarter (22) saltish (23) ogling glance (24) scratching (25) half a month 
(26) the quality of passion (27) strong (28) pearl (29) Yajur Veda (30) 
Vaisya (31) beauty) (32) buying and selling) (33) love-making (24) watery 
place (35) elephant (36) horse) (37) variegated colour (38) poetry (39) 
dancing (40) middle age (41) singing (42) enjoyment (43) happiness from 
the wife (44) gems (45) fond of joking (46) swimmer (47) servant (48) luck 
(49) variegated lustre (50) a beautiful youth (51) kingdom (52) scents 
(53) garland (54) Veena (55) flute (56) amusement (57) lovely gait (58) 
eight kinds of wealth (59) lovely-limbed (60) sparing in meals (61) spring 
season (62) ornament (63) inclined towards supporting many women (64) eye 
(65) truth-speaking (66) proficiency in art (67) semen (68) sporting in 
water (69) profoundity of character (70) pre-eminence (71) sharp-witted 
(72) musical instrument (73) decoration for the stage (74) indulging in 
amorous sports (75) deteriorated body (76) one whose chief business is 
love (77) being entitled to great respect or esteem (78) fond of white 
garments (79( the art of dancing as propounded by Bharata (80) Government 
seal (81) a lord (82) worship of Goddess Parvati and Lakshmi (83) sexual 
pleasure (84) gentleness (85) much emaciated (86) one who plays the role 
of the mother during day time (87) literary compositions, clever in 
writing poems, etc. (88) black hair (89) auspicious (90) mystery or 
genital organ (91) urine (92) moving in the serpent region (93) afternoon 
(94) a knowledge of the sexual organ and the secrets connected with the 
same: all these are to be ascribed to Venus.

(trans. V. Subrahmanya Sastri)



intruders (too slowly the movement of my thought)

intruders

whom is whoming whom
whom is the whom of whom, whom the whom
whom makes the whom, writes the whom
who whoms logos, who whoms desire,
whom the dynamics of motion, whom the debris
for whom the same old whom
for whom the tale told by whom
for whom nothing whom under the whom
under the whom the whom
whom beneath and whom above
under the whom the whom
http://www.alansondheim.org/intruders.mp4




Vavoom Quintet! Vavooom Quintet! Recorded Live in Philadelphia!


Check it out - Live October 9, at the Highwire Gallery in Philadelphia -
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/Vavooom1.mp3

Vavoom Quintet

Helen Espvall, 3/4 cello
Barry Weisblat, Wurlitzer and electronics
Margarida Garcia, bowed electric guitar
Azure Carter, voice
Alan Sondheim, viola, guitar, saz, oud, cura cumbus

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/Vavooom1.mp3



i am s sure i am flying so fast away fro

http://www.alansondheim.org/flight.mov

ithings keepi tryingkeep totrying getto awayget fromaway thingsfrom 
thatthings botherthat mebother addedthings makethings moremake therethem 
arethere tooare manytoo andthings flyi themfrom ofmany fasttoo allthem 
theyup can'tthey asfly ami catchand upcatch fallthey behindfall seecan't 
goingme sogoing aloneget goneare nowhereare beto seenbe cannotthey 
hearcannot muchso moveto atfrom slowat speedfast suream thinkthey 
flyingare flowthey

i am s sure they are flying so fast away fro

http://www.alansondheim.org/flight.mov

i keep trying to get wi keep trying to get 
wy from things
w
y from things
y from things

y from things tht bother me
t bother me

t bother me
to get 
things dded to things mthings 
dded to things mke more things
dded to things m
ke more things
ke more things

nd i fly wthere 
y from them
ny things 
y from mny of them
ny of them

ny of them
i fly 
y from them ll of them
i fly too f
ll of them
st 
st s i they c
m nd cs f
nd ctch up
st 
tch up
s i 
nd they cn't see me going so fst

n't see me going so fst
they f
st
ll behind 
re gone nd i get 
nd re nowhere to be seen
lone 
re nowhere to be seen
nd they 
they cn't see me n't see me 
n't see me nd i nd i 
nd i m nowhere to be seen
m nowhere to be seen

m nowhere to be seen
they c
nnot her me nnot he
nd i cnnot hethey c
r them
r me 
t slow nd fso much to move 
nd fst speed
w
st speed
y from 
i m sure they st 
y from me
re flying so f
nnot see them nd ctch up

nnot see them going so fst
i f

http://www.alansondheim.org/flight.mov

are can't from are up flying they be many i i cannot of seen they are 
catch are from see and fast fast they and i am are and am speed can't seen 
of and i am many nowhere so see and i nowhere can't get and up so behind 
be away and i hear them seen catch sure catch to that me gone going so 
can't up get am things me am am fly seen all at i to and nowhere going i 
behind get i to they things gone they away and be i hear i so fly seen and 
i and be me me are see going see fall alone i make see am sure fast seen 
from from i be i to me so fall alone trying to seen away they they me they 
be them cannot i much too seen i too and seen added and they and me see 
them and and to they and think as seen away move i seen away to can't they 
fall and get be be get and fall they can't to away seen i move away seen 
as think and they to and and them see me and they and added seen and too i 
seen too much i cannot them be they me they they away seen to trying alone 
fall so me to i be i from from seen fast sure am see make i alone fall 
can't going see are me me be and i and seen fly so i hear i be and away 
they gone things they to i get behind i going nowhere and to i at all seen 
fly am am me things am get up can't so going gone me that to catch sure 
catch seen them hear i and away be behind so up and get can't nowhere i 
and see so nowhere many am i and of seen can't speed am and are am i and 
they fast fast and see from are catch are they seen of cannot i i many be 
they flying up are from can't are fast fast they them fast am are i am 
fast they seen them and i i too nowhere fast them and i fast are can't 
away and up flying fall be from and i hear of seen up they catch nowhere 
things see and so so they catch i am there me am i can't seen of slow i 
nowhere things nowhere going cannot behind get nowhere they to gone up 
fast behind be fly me i them i seen and am catch to bother me gone them 
going can't i get i more see am sure as seen them from i to i to me fast 
behind alone keep to seen from are they from and be i cannot i much fly 
seen am too and be things and are cannot going see behind and i things 
can't am they fast seen from away i seen fly to see flow fall and to be 
seen get they fall they can't to from they i to fast seen i so and they to 
and they them me me them they and to they and so i seen fast to i they 
from to can't they fall they get seen be to and fall flow see to fly seen 
i away from seen fast they am can't things i and behind see going cannot 
are and things be and i am seen fly much i cannot i be and from they are 
from they to keep alone behind fast me to i to i from them seen as sure am 
see more i get i can't going them gone me bother to catch am and seen i 
them i me fly be behind fast up gone to they nowhere get behind cannot 
going nowhere things nowhere i slow of seen can't i am me there am i catch 
they so so and see things nowhere catch they up seen of hear i and from be 
fall flying up and away can't are fast i and them fast nowhere too i i and 
them seen they fast am i are am fast them they fast fast are can't from 
are up flying they be many i i cannot of seen they are catch are from see 
and fast fast they and i am are and am speed can't seen of and i am many 
nowhere so see and i nowhere can't get and up so behind be away and i hear 
them seen catch sure catch to that me gone going so can't up get am things 
me am am fly seen all at i to and nowhere going i behind get i to they 
things gone they away and be i hear i so fly seen and i and be me me are 
see going see fall alone i make see am sure fast seen from from i be fly 
to me so fall alone trying to seen away they they me they be them cannot i 
much too seen i too and seen added and they and me see them and and to 
they and think as seen away move i seen away to can't they fall and get be 
be get and fall they can't to away seen i move away seen as think and they 
to and and them see me and they and added seen and too i seen too much i 
cannot them be they me they they away seen to trying alone fall so me to i 
be i from from seen fast sure am see make i alone fall can't going see are 
me me be and i and seen fly so i hear i be and away they gone things they 
to i get behind i going nowhere and to i at all seen fly am am me things 
am get up can't so going gone

http://www.alansondheim.org/flight.mov

fly away i as them hear them fast nowhere get from can't so fly fall i 
from cannot keep so they from of am behind and going i am i to are gone to 
from and them more they away am be me they fast too too fast they me be am 
away they more them and from to gone are to i am i going and behind am of 
from they so keep cannot from i fall fly so can't from get nowhere fast 
them hear them as i away fly fast me to at they i of all many catch them 
much and am and things fly fast see away can't them and be away am to 
bother fly they up are get they think see from away and more and me fast 
to are are are are to fast me and more and away from see think they get 
too up they fly bother to am away be and them can't away see fast fly 
things and am and much them catch many all of i they at to me fast fly 
away i as them hear them fast nowhere get from can't so fly fall i from 
cannot keep so they from of am behind and going i am i to flying gone to 
from and them more they away am be me they fast too too fast they me be am 
away they more them and from to gone are to i am i going and behind am of 
from they so keep cannot from i

http://www.alansondheim.org/flight.mov



Rhapsody

i want to save this for you. 
i want you to know my hands moved thus and thus.
my fingers moved thus and thus. once upon a time.
when i was still alive. and then these sounds emerged.
these sounds from the movement of my fingers thus and thus.
that i did this. that i could do this. 
that at one time someone moved thus and thus. 
that these sounds emerged and in this order. 
that there was breath and all the signs of life.
that life produced these sounds, a living being.
a living being breathed and his fingers moved.
and his hands moved and his arms moved.
his hands and arms moved thus, this living being.
this inheritance, this sequence, this rhapsody.
this rhapsody of life, persevering after death.
this rhapsody, thus, and thus, and thus.

Rhapsody acoustic-electric guitar (originally made by Stella made by 
Harmony around 1947) played as acoustic, three studies

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/rhapsody1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/rhapsody2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/rhapsody3.mp3


Virtual


[Thinking about the discussion on Netbehaviour, I did a cull of 'virtual' 
within a textual grouping, tightened the syntax, and produced the follow- 
ing - a form of virtual theory, circumambulating the subject and process 
of thought, production nonetheless.]

Virtual matter, one ends with ellipsis ... 'my three little dots' ... 
Nikuko: Social philosophy is always virtual. Julu: Every word you say is 
virtual; words are not for eating. The virtual world is described; it's 
choice / intentionality. The virtual world is chosen; it's within a 
potential well; it has both internal and external loci of subjectivities 
in relation to spewing-forth in real or virtual, however defined; in a 
sense virtual worlds, are subsets. Virtual worlds are always already 
as-if; there's nothing else to them. The body, inscribed, is already 
virtual; the virtual world, embodied, is polarities, circumscriptions, of 
virtuals and reals. Suturing in virtual worlds: coherent physics, 
discordant continuity, words; in virtual worlds, one's avatar is present 
or not present, 'alive' - but the virtual body is not always there.

One need not ingest or excrete (unless it is written into the virtual 
world itself); it need not sleep, does not get sick, and so forth. There 
are problematic issues of ontology of real life: virtual particles, 
information, and so forth, just as there are problematic issues of 
ontology of virtual worlds: mathesis/inscription - manifestations.

In virtual worlds, information may be classified, transmitted. But 
there's a distinction between the ontic emptiness of real and virtual 
worlds. Between dreams, hallucinations, etc. and a concrete or virtual 
arising there seems to be a radical difference, evident in the mixed 
ontology of of hierarchical data-bases, but virtual worlds can split.

Is mathesis the fundamental operation in virtual worlds? I'm thinking of 
virtual worlds as abstracted, split, chosen, programmed: given, born-into: 
thought as conceiving. Consider virtual worlds _not_ as subsets of real 
life - as fulcrums. Again, in virtual worlds, the body as entangled 
projections or introjections elicits non-traditional diegetic functioning 
or logical grounds. I argue this is a basis for being, not only in the 
virtual, but also within the real.

It's the complete seamlessness of virtuality that we have achieved - the 
artificial intelligence of virtual reality is well ahead of schedule. 
Virtuality is _driven_ in fact. (Could this be the difference, the 
_driven_ of the virtual, in relation to the obduracy of the real - i.e. 
against the the exigencies of virtuality, the age we find ourselves in?

The virtual bites into the visible; you never see the skeleton of the 
virtual, however; everything dissolves into inscription, mathesis. 
Everything in the virtual real world is inscribed, including ontology. And 
in dreams... real and virtual coalesce, ascii-dreams, livid dreams, maroon



Three Pipa Pieces

fast and intricate, being the happiness of the night
the excitement of culture in the united states
the happiness of musicianship at the brink
creation of hopefulness, health, and prosperity
longing for music insteaad of food,
kindness moving everywhere, describing everything

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/pipa1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/pipa2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/pipa3.mp3

Three Koboz Songs

slow and simple, representing the sadness of the day
the decline of the social in the united states
the misery of the middle and lower 'classes'
creation of hopelessness, sickness, and poverty
the elderly longing for enough to eat
the virulant hatreds proffered as explanations

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/koboz1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/koboz2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/koboz3.mp3


Pipa YouTube Specials On YouTube

they are TOO Fine YouTube Bringing out the Best

http://www.alansondheim.org/pipa.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/pipa1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/pipa2.mp4

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_4BP111CQE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTWV8-UpT40

2 unusual guzheng solos

http://www.alansondheim.org/guzheng1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/guzheng2.mp3

indicates accompanying action ? [zheng3 feng1] (pol.) rectifying incorrect
          tout ce reste e^tre me'moire.  O Suzanne, tel bonheur,
those who moved against the king [Dumuzi] were a mixed group of men,
like ninjas or freemen they wander the landscape of violence,
raincoats the Suzuki Mamoru beauty pine greens child - day and night,
the floor of the grutli a nomadic surface of the war,

photo-urdunuz photo-ur a singular, photo-uyorsunuz photo-urdum in plural, 
general, relationship, misiniz?  miydin?  object photo-urduysanuz 
photo-urduysam, photo-uyordun photo-urduysanuz, relationship possession, 
photo-urmus,sunuz me, miyiz?  case inferential,

"arphaxad lud aram uz hul gether mash salah peleg joktan almodad sheleph 
hazarmaveth jerah hadoram uzal diklah obal abimael ophir jobab dwelling 
smote rephaims ashteroth karnaim zuzims emins shaveh kiriathaim horites 
lsvos klwkys rks puzzy lounnkrsos wroro tro lsmston oxsqonmsos op lspo 
kro" -

"where?" "They have that," Suzie replied, "yes." "A species gets a drum,
replied, "see." She looked as lovely looking as Suzie, both standing near
"The," Suzie said, "skein." Travis, "Yes."
Meantime, a slow fadeout occurs; the buzzing sensation is slightly a
nighttime wakening, fingers in me, golden metal nuzzling teeth
for "A fun relationship in Every way," the straw hair of Suzanne, 
eyes of ruffled cloth, there were moments of gauze, wet, you could see
(gauze stretched to the limit
(torn gauze
(dreaming of gauze again, lips tied into place,
(it's an outline of gauze, stretched to the limit,  it's always damp, as 
if ringing. How horrid the whirring! The whirring is very horrid! The 
buzzing puzzles!

Hangup (1:24:35) "Buzzz...!!!"
i was sent to you. d'eruza sent me. d'nala sent me.
life has tended towards this. d'nala nurtured me; d'eruza tendered me.
death. i would like knowledge of d'nala and d'eruza.
whirlwinds buzz around me, i look at this.

Nikuya nikuyoku nikuyou nikuyoum nikuzuku nikuzyuu -
Your comfort is grabbed by d'eruza, d'nala and you -
to be born a _foundling_ on a moo or mud, dumuzi's dream, oral poetry, the
months...he got scared cuz of the economy. i felt like i wanted to feel
distance, the earphones are picked up buzz from the plasma screen...
Speaker says, "Cyberspatial buzzing .... huge amounts of ..." turn
always to a news station; it helps with the buzz. The bed's to my rear; 
when the buzz gets bad, I'll lie on it, setting my account to "biff y," 
The Buzz in My Body, the "biff y."

and dze earth 4 dze prO!OmordO!Ol.  Enormouz tempraturez at dze heart 
ovoom! bombz. FurO!Oouz uu9ndz. NodzO!Ong remaO!Onz ovoom! ztromatolO!Ote
earth.prO!OmordO!Ol..dze.Enormouz.tempratureztempraturez.at.at.
dze.heart.ovoom!.bombz.FurO!Oouz.FurO!Oouz.uu9ndz.uu9ndzEnormouz.NodzO!Ong.
Enormouz tempraturez at dze heart ov bombz. Fur!ouz u9ndz.
earth.pr!mord!l..dze.Enormouz.tempratureztempraturez.at.at.
dze.heart.ov.bombz.Fur!ouz.Fur!ouz.u9ndz.u9ndzEnormouz.Nodz!ng.

a             abakuz               :   ahhh           alan          o :oo
throat          o dzuz             :   uh            un!vr           
v!deo            v!deo              v!ruz           uet          
          :  ruzt       ooo tzartre     o tze=      o o tze=     
  o    tzuzangra         o   zvengl! mp          o :   trroroo    
ENANNUuzz ABU.YA -/1muENANNUENANNUlsh! oENANNUlsh!
blaSAK ENANNUuzz2/g+;

		     sinite alienated cosam uzai
			     assay cry uz
			bel davem uzziah thin

suzanne graham was desperate to disappear
suzanne graham spelled her name with a 'z'
suzanne graham would reach into the heaven

Blak3 Wirefly margaretha Hellershanks intrah Quan Novikov scuzzi Jetcity 
Siuzy Javan monique Sierot Iris Avedon bacidalucia Podless sim Overland -
puzzle because i so much want your approval.

poured oil luz vowed vow lying rolled rachel roll tidings embraced abode 
poured oil luz vowed vow lying rolled rachel roll tidings embraced abode -
s/he spel this way cauz s/he is CUTE! s/he says
& ouuw outwit, outlaw, ouch, ouzo, Reub, ciao

- the truth of the subject,
pain, the dulled wave/emissions spreading
sludge among every living creature, rutted buzzing, on me,
outlaw, ouch, ouzo, Reub, and ciao.



burbling

bad short films of burbling Gowanus Canal superfund site
pollution -
apparently the cleanup has stopped because of lack of funding
not to mention the tornado that blew sewage half way up
what you see is what you get, what remains

http://www.alansondheim.org/gow1.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/gow2.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/gow3.mp4



two cormorants in the Gowanus Canal

^ i don't know how they survive in the misery
of poisoned waters, drained from death and horror
^ if i had talent i'd write a waka
about the memory of these brilliant cormorants
^ all i can do is play the pipa and struggle
with pipa, with cormorants, hoping that some, beauty 
emerges, and with courage,
with courage...

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cormorant.mp3


Shaky Capitalism

http://www.alansondheim.org/ad1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ad2.mp4

The neoliberalist dilemma of hiding behind a truck 
while a nighttime commercial is shot for American Express /
Mastercard at a posh toystore around the corner through 
artificial snow and many happy Christmas packages none of us
can afford but you'll be able to see our happy happy neighbor/hood
anytime you want on the local telly, special effects brought to you
by wonderful 15usd stoop sale mini-camcorder hiding in my sweater
while like a coward i avoided the great financiers groveling inside
and outside the windows of commerce and Christmastime spendfree
delight.
