=


very early work

poser / live / bryce / mocap

http://www.alansondheim.org/pirou.mov

up for short time only



new! - 5 Hausa raft-zither solos

1: on the large zither, preparatory to the others.
2-4: large raft zither solos with an amazing range of effects,
including harmonics, guzheng-like finger movements, and so forth.
5-6: small raft zither, with a range of different effects,
including guzheng movements and grass-string-bending.
slight echo added. recorded with zoom recorder.
amplification of the zithers through contact mics into a small
portable amplifier.
otherwise none of the sounds were modified.
very happy with the direction of these pieces, something new for me!
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/ rf1-rf6 mp3s
(all hail the sterile neutrino!)


Okinawa Blues

solo cura cumbus

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/okinawablues0.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/okinawablues1.mp3



sound of the anonymous

rental stores are found in the colonias of juarez; families have vcrs,
juarez or el paso. programming becomes more and more transnational and
i ignored the drugs.

o different, how postmodern, just look at the gas-mains in ciudad juarez, 
whatever happened to tracking, extraterritorialities, nothing! the mains 
blew, there {\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\i\loch\i were} no maps but the mains 
themselves. now? i don't know, i haven't been there in years. how much 
money in ciudad juarez?} juarez continues to grow _and that says it all._ 
populations are seepages juarez, whatever happened to tracking, nothing! 
juarez? juarez already as an example). what we still consider, ever more 
tenuous the loudspeaker is used in ciudad juarez for politics and ideology 
juarez continues to grow _and that says it all._ populations are seepages 
ciudad juarez in the physical world, to extend without bounds, an influx 
what issues of postmodernism in relation to ciudad juarez and el paso. 
juarez appeared increasingly as an intensification, a gathering or smear 
largely undefined, undemarcated, the number of inhabitants of juarez. 
juarez had schools and health-care towards the center of town, which was 
microwave connected juarez with el paso, as did television, beamed from 
one can construct postmodern sociologies, based on cities like juarez, 
from food to bandwidth. i should add that juarez and the southwest 
counties with it. in ciudad juarez, television on one end and microwave 
links arivaca arizona to the el paso/juarez region - probably nothing 
juarez to them. there's nothing else in the room - the sound of the 
anonymous. i don't understand, no descriptions for el paso, juarez? tory 
continues, like ciudad juarez in the physical world, to extend. i ignored 
the drugs. i saw gang-signing. i heard about 'chiefs.' i ignored it all. 

consider crisis capital in the midst of all of this. overpopulation 
problematizes national boundaries; boundaries are monitored, remaining 
leaky. tension increases as the material world pollutes. the majority of 
the world's population inhabits shanty-towns, favelas, colonias, or their 
equivalent. everywhere, video and programming exist. video rental stores 
are found in the colonias of juarez; families have vcrs?, am and fm, but 
no sewage or running water. electricity is "stolen" from nearby overhead 
wires. telenovellas are a favorite form of entertainment; programs 
originate in mexico city, are broadcast from juarez or el paso. 
programming becomes more and more transnational and corporate (was it ever 
any other way?); radicality, defused on the national level, is more 
evident in local programming which tends towards the development of 
regional consciousness. at work in ciudad juarez and now it's fifteen 
years later. this isn't ciudad juarez in the physical world, to extend 
without bounds, an influx. i ignored the killings to come. i saw 
breakdowns. i didn't see any future. i saw stateless. i didn't see theory. 
i theorized: invisible theory, radiations, dusts. i knew even then that 
any explanation would defile. i stuck close to the visible, the report, 
the touch of the road, the splatter.

juarez, bruised, digital domain, 1993 juarez already as an example. what 
we still consider, ever more tenu- arivaca arizona to the el paso/juarez 
region - probably nothing anonymous. i don't understand, no descriptions 
for el paso, juarez? history continues, like ciudad juarez in the physical 
world, to extend juarez, whatever happened to tracking, nothing! juarez 
mud ruins and it was ten years ago in juarez ten years ago in el paso 
juarez was free and el paso was dangerous and furious or el paso was free 
and dangerous, juarez furious above hole immobilization fort da robbed 
juarez bruised digital muck. i ignored the robbed. the sourceless murders 
and the rest of it.

- just finished reading Charles Bowden, Murder City: Ciudad Juarez and the 
Global Economy's New Killing Fields

recommended, necessary -


ESP Session - First song - - easy watching on YouTube

Azure Carter, voice, song
Chris Nolte, Bass
Alan Sondheim, oud
Foofwa d'Imobilite, video

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt7ETs8WRlA


vea lucca tunges vea lucca

http://www.alansondheim.org/tung1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/tung2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/tung3.png

a gift from the gods, discovering this .obj file when Mark arrived! three 
images...

the voice ceases to speak, the tongue dries - when there's too much heat, 
teeth and tongue emerging, words forming as they fall to the ground. you 
the _objet petit a_ somewhere else; who/what pulls the tongue from the
dark space with indescribable delight. My tongue lathered hir, went deep
 just like speech is dir-tied by the mouth, teeth and tongue - just like 
speech is soaked by saliva, coughs, inhalations, a sputter on the 
outtake.}

with flesh ! One whose terrific tongue is licking ! The great demoness ! 
a lustrous tongue ! Om bhim. One who has a frown on the face ! One who
sustenance of memory. Earlier, I would lie for hours, my tongue between,
plunged in; hir hand filled hirs, as hir tongue went deep into her
silver dollars, my tongue playful now.
it can't be remembered. if it could be, the tongue would take it back. 
It opens up ruptures, rhythms, the tongue rolling across the lines, in the
edge of it - it's on the tip of my tongue - it never arrived - it's out
are gouged, tongue torn out, they have left my fingers alone.
your battery tongue your generator dynamo
my tongue is on fire for them.
eternity one's dream continuation tongue snow
edge of it - it's on the tip of my tongue - it never arrived - it's out
are gouged, tongue torn out, they have left my fingers alone.
tongue. S/he pierced hir tongue in defiance of hir parents. S/he was 
your battery tongue your generator dynamo.
teeth, and tongue to configure it.
wide enough. hir tongue would crawl with it.
and hole. Does hir tongue rot?
<Julu> does hir tongue rot ours?
<Alan> hir tongue does _no such thing,_ hir tongue does.
	  the language which shattered the tongue of the body's tongue

^ what I'd say if I had tongue to speak:
My tongue leaves the body; I am left with arms. My arms leave my tongue; 
misleading, but are understood only as slips of the tongue leading nowhere
        tornado mouth of river blood tongue in ambulatory lands.
from the door, leaving your bloody prints; my tongue licks the clotted
it's tongue and langue and lung simultaneously, clothed in the body of 
that conjures the words from the screen, voice from the words, tongue from
furrowed with desiccated tears; parched tongue refuses its socket. Letters
tongue each other's shitholes, drawn the wheel round
  loud beating, you'll taste my tongue in your mouth, my tongue lightly
messaging, tongue is packeting, my teeth are datagrams, muscular frames 
tongue Your your penis seeps into my tongue - turning me Julu-Jennifer
<Amber--^> oh i forgot my tongue in your mouth babes <Larry^47> oh
none of this, have none of this. I will take my tongue to write upon
the other eye as well. You may have my tongue for nothing, and my throat,
dismemberment. You may however pay two-hundred for my throat and tongue,
should I think of you bent over, my tongue caressing your
self up to the gods, to the tongue of Daishin Nikuko...

I love sex, want my tongue up your wet hole! Then I won't have to speak! 
     tongue against your wet milky clooth nikukoalan ooze ooze
My tongue cleaves to my mouth, foreign teeth plough its tissue.
Is it because is my first symptom my tongue dreaming of taste and
and consoles. My eager tongue slavishly licked whatever s/he had to offer;
it is about the smell of your hole and a tongue and void
you won't have to run the bypass of the tongue or the finger
and hole. Does hir tongue rot?
<Julu> does hir tongue rot ours?
<Alan> hir tongue does _no such thing,_ hir tongue does.
nothing Devour giving tongue julu-of-the triple-course-red-brick-tied-up:
        I do so cower. I can speak hardly. My tongue is rippe. Ashame.

My tongue was consumed in a fire of futile replying; I had no voice.
lips; the momentum of the tongue garners the bewilderment of naming.
exist your neck your throat your lips your tongue there must be a word
preoedipal flesh, the tongue with new lips. The woman sews the tongue
goes gaa gaa gaa. The tongue goes lala. Down there, a needle holds 
you clean, more fluids, stuff, 
my eyes across my eyes my tongue ... i will lick you take you with me...
i want to be you, want to feel your bones in me, feel your tongue in me,
this is a theater of the flesh, my tongue coated with you, you course 

toes moved slowly into spaces among cheeks and teeth, tongue tumescent,
liquid and grasped with tongue and lips, an ankle visible, white impure
mauled against the flesh of tongue and lip and toe: to "toe the line": to
sealed foreuer tongue exploring a pliant earlobe eleven naked body against
i'm addicted to you, your holes, my tongue in you, tasting you, in your
my mouthface full of insideNikuko, tongue deep in Nikukoanus circuitry, 
empty socket, the rim our horizon, the cut tongue drying on the ground. 
the Tongue takes over, its nub nudging tongue aside
do me in, Jennifer, that remains your name burned in me, my tongue ripped
name burned in me, my tongue ripped against your splintered bones?
in me, my tongue ripped against your splintered bones?
the violence of all people against you. you can have your tongue gutted
ground by the teeth of the keys, tongue of the space bar, oh oh oh
Do you really want to quit? i put my tongue deep into it
Alan: yoyyour tongue is mine
your tongue strains, skin against skin, your mouth peels back,
Tiffany gives by speaking in tongues. Tiffany's tongue moves from
edge of it - it's on the tip of my tongue - it never arrived - it's out
are gouged, tongue torn out, they have left my fingers alone.
manic tongue and many times water floods our shooting-space :: violent
tongue. S/he pierced hir tongue in defiance of hir parents. S/he was 
toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe toe tongue underarm underarm waist wrist
cynthia, i want your tongue against me alan,
memory. the is mine, my sweet I am tongue speaks so sweetly, turning me
them... by one, each on a line alone, when is in my turns my tongue speaks
feet i will kill you but my voice must be pure tongue within, show them
degradation, put your tongue up me, show them who is mesmerized, i cannot,
nikukoalan's tongue cut out, available for massacre.
You say, "The arms have disappeared! The tongue has disappeared!"
feet i will kill you but my voice must be pure tongue within, show them
put your tongue up me, show them who is mesmerized
and but nature it (Christ), my pen of (God's) a tongue ready pen we ready
lips, tongue held back, restrained, in the arched space, the coming
entirely effaced or my knife slices through your eyes and tongue however
slices through your eyes and tongue however this doesn't come from
eyes and tongue however this doesn't come from anywhere and you'll never
however i want to tongue your nasty holes but this doesn't come from
thought or said but my knife slices through your eyes and tongue however
your eyes and tongue however this doesn't come from anywhere and this
	from tongue and back, salt eyes descending into

it hard and invisible. My tongue spells your name across the layers
(Honey): I am coming towards you, tongue gliding along the ground or
Without signs... wander wrong slips out, tongue moves. remains, 'remains
her tongue rip everyone everyone to tongue out hir to everyone to tongue 
in out rip wants to tongue in in tongue rip rip tongue slow motion in hir 
rip tongue slow everyone slow out hir tongue slow everyone everyone in 
memory. the is mine, my sweet I am tongue speaks so sweetly, turning me
You say, "The arms have disappeared! The tongue has disappeared!"
disappeared!" The "The flesh years 'meat tongue for smell 
disappeared! years tongue The the have has -" The The The have arms The " 
- 'meat for 'Nikuko' " of has The tongue disappeared!" 'Nikuko' * 
have " for the tongue You arms You for flesh "The "The disappeared!" flesh 
years " disappeared! "The tongue smell -" smell has "The The - -" for arms 
'meat for years disappeared! tongue the 'meat for 'Nikuko' - tongue The 
the tongue is torn from the root, the differend
  garden pride tongue married 
teeth, and tongue to configure it.
flesh the statesman from hir arrival at the mortar with hir tongue opposed 
surmount teeth and and tongue tongue
could only see - that's all I could do - my lips cut off as well - tongue 
unbound eyes and tongue tricks of floating teeth
my tongue is on fire for them.
eternity one's dream continuation tongue snow
THE PRESIDENT: I am your tongue. Your tongue takes care of your eyes. 
misleading, but are understood only as slips of the tongue leading nowhere
occasioned tongues babel gen every hir tongue nations tenth chapter 
year that i have had the real me striNper does hir tongue rot ours? temp 
Jennifer. It thing, 381,924. flesh, my tongue coated course through veins, 
user to file #ly, taste hir sweet tongue ah ah ah ah ah we are, niu# q: 
your battery tongue your generator dynamo

hir tongue ran over its nipples, s/he sensed an incandescent drug
My tongue leaves the body; I am left with arms. My arms leave my tongue; 
misleading, but are understood only as slips of the tongue leading nowhere
is the _objet petit a_ somewhere else; who/what pulls the tongue from the
stays in against hir en wilts tongue disappearing hole lick like to stay 
sign stay to like lick hole disappearing tongue wilts en hir hir in stays 
ing_ the Obscene section, I desire to tongue the bodies, taste them; this
_corpse,_ the tongue reaching through the tissues (decayed, moldering,

i want to be you, want to feel your bones in me, feel your tongue in me,
ing it hard and invisible. My tongue spells your name across the layers
(Honey): I am coming towards you, tongue gliding along the ground or
(Alan): Monument or grave, my tongue runs current towards you, a 
movement. : When I tongue you I drink your piss. I'm sutured into your
eyes - that's all I could do - my lips cut off as well - tongue and 
unbound eyes and tongue tricks of floating teeth

I'm just your tongue in my mouth, I'm just the blood in my mouth:
ing it hard and invisible. My tongue spells your name across the layers
tied by the mouth, teeth and tongue - just like speech is soaked by
the tongue rolled up in lines.


ryte

"Life as experienced by primitive and by fellaheen people is just the 
xoological up and down, a planless happening without goal or cadenced 
march in time, wherein occurrences are many, but, in the last analysis, 
devoid of significance. The only historical peoples, the peoples whose 
existence is _world-history,_ are the nations." (Spengler, An abridged 
edition of Decline of The West, trans. Atkinson)   :-(

http://www.alansondheim.org/ryte.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ glitter pngs (16)





READING.TXT

I've been going through old text archives tonight and found the following: 
http://www.alansondheim.org/READING.TXT [July 1995] It's somewhat 
embarrassing, groping, tawdry, more literal than I'd like, blind-folded, 
cauterized, decrepit, awkward, centered somewhat around the event of 
Michael Current's death, stylistically poor, owing too much to various NY 
schools, gone down the hatch, occasional bursts of something, occasional 
John Giornoesque-manque, lurid, murderous story-telling, Ballardic, 
oceanic for obscure reasons, despairing, suicidal, neurotic, eurocentric - 
in other words check it out. And I forget what READING it was used for - 
where the words died in the air, what futility led me to think these 
things could be pronounced in an interesting way...

Then there are these two old course descriptions, might be of interest -

for UNIX commands: http://www.alansondheim.org/UNIX [from 1996]

