=

[April 1994]


Alan Sondheim                                   sondheim@newschool.edu
432 Dean Street
Brooklyn, NY, 11217
718-857-3671

NEW COURSE AT THE NEW SCHOOL, NYC:


*BEFORE AND AFTER THE INFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY*
                                               
With public attention drawn to the 'information highway,' camcorders,
multimedia, and a host of other information technologies, it is
apparent that a revolution in communications is underawy. We will
examine this transformation, using postmodernism and contemporary
media theory. In so doing, we will focus on both past and future,
from the history of television and radio to the 'transparent' virtual
reality world of the next millennium. 

This course is a must for anyone interested in contemporary modes of
entertainment or communication. Everything from a brief non-technical
overview of the technologies involved, to the actual content of these
modes, will be presented, including the new forms of subjectivity and
personal communications (such as computer bulletin boards) that are
emerging. Issues of space and time in virtual reality will also be
considered.

Topics include digital vs. analog communications, the internet, the
'new information order,' gender and communications, postmodern
geography and telecommunications, computer bulletin boards, camcorder
aesthetics (including issues of privacy, sexuality, oral history, and
personal expression), multi-media at home and business, the emergence
of new `languages' of expression, ELECTRONIC SUBJECTIVITY,and an 
overview of recent (1895-the present) communications history. 


Reading Materials:

Because of the fast-changing media landscape, texts will be chosen
several weeks before the course. The following list of references
is tentative:

1. Mark Poster, Mode of Information
2. David Harvey, The Condition of Postmodernity
3. Thomas Docherty, ed. Postmodernism: A Reader
4. Geoffrey Reeves, Communications and the 'Third World'
5. Avital Ronell, The Telephone Book: Technology, Schizophrenia,
        Electric Speech
6. Alan Sondheim, ed. Future Culture issue, Art Papers, (available
        as texts before 1995 publication)
7. Alan Sondheim, Internet Text in Perforations 7
8. Donna Haraway, Simians, Cyborgs, and Women
9. Downloaded texts from the Internet, including Jack Frost on
        cyberpoetics, and (with permission), material from
        Postmodern Culture magazine.
10. Magazines include: Mondo 2000, Wired, Perforations, and
Boardwatch and other computer magazines.

