=

[February 1996]

Internet and the Information Superhighway, FVA

Six Sessions:  Alan Sondheim, 718-857-3671, sondheim@panix.com

Please note: No previous experience required!

First week: Introduction to the Information Superhighway. The Internet:
Email and email lists, Usenet. The nature of discussions. On-line issues.
Censorship, business, and art issues. Getting set up, access. Practice.
Difference between analog and digital. Introduction to the digital world. 
Demographics of the Net. Present and future. Commcercialization and the
World Wide Web.

Second week: The Internet: FTP, Gopher, Telnet, Finger, and beginning
with the World Wide Web. Different sites available. The materials
available on-line. Please bring a 3.5" disk if you have one. Going over
the file information. Getting materials on-line.

Third week: Continuing with World Wide Web, various search engines 
(World Wide Web Worm, Archie, Veronica, Wais). Images and image-coding/
decoding. Mosaic, Netscape, etc. Future of sound/moving images on the
Net. Mbone and other advanced technologies, ATM. New search engines:
Inktomi, IAF, Altavista.

Fourth week: Electronic Conferencing. Various systems such as Caucus. 
Artnet and the thing. Different forms of bulletin-boards, Fido-
net, other alternatives. Talk, ytalk, IRC, chats, MUDs, MOOs, and so 
forth. Demonstrations. ThePalace. Possible trip to my setup in Brooklyn.

Fifth week: Social and political implications of cyberspace. Issues of
virtual reality, sexuality, virtual subjectivity. Future multi-media.
Possible trip to cybercafe around the corner. Iphone, CuSeeMe, Vdol,
Xingstream, etc.

Sixth week: Review of material. Internet practice, current demographics
and statistics. Arts, literature, and sciences on the Net. 

Be prepared to take extensive notes. It would helpful for you to be as
familiar with your own computer system as possible.

Some books of interest: Sherry Turkle, Life on the Screen; William 
Mitchell, City of Bits; Steven Levy, Hackers; Wired magazine; Michael
Benedikt, Cyberspace: First Steps; Internet Secrets; Howard Rheingold,
The Wired Community; Peter Salus, Casting the Net.

