==

i'm taping you, ashamed, embarrassed, the camera closes in between your
least, _cool,_ and way the hell out of reach. I'm ashamed - 
naked. I remember feeling hard, ashamed, 
A knot here. Pudeo: to be ashamed. Think of _shameful thing._
recorded sound/* * i am so ashamed i cried when i saw these images written 
ashamed cried "Nothing remained, war." When did words? practice either, 
matter...  I literaly felt ashamed when my avatar drop got naked   
cleave wife both naked ashamed serpent more subtil than any yea ye we 
I am shameless: I am ashamed.
liquid, stumbles down my chest, pools on the floor; I'm ashamed. Or I
ground, burning roof. I was ashamed of myself.
they would say he ought to be ashamed of himself and tar-and-feather
body is a miracle. Society makes me ashamed of my body, which must be with
and I'm ashamed of it, the system falters, flicker-rate of the screen
shows up uneasily, migraine straight ahead), yes, ashamed,
am utterly ashamed; my abjection is a defense, i feel sullen, 
Old Clar hangs her head, she's ashamed. I know I'm as good as you, 
light-hearted, unashamed, thoughtless women, and men who visit our women
     	things i am ashamed of keeping me awake at night
cleave wife both naked ashamed serpent more subtil than any yea ye ? we
clues of identity, madness, influence, primogeniture. and i am ashamed of
this. i am ashamed for my contemporaries who find me arrogant, crazy,
manic fake... i am ashamed for myself, who can only plead guilty to these
charges, these horrendous accusations. i am ashamed for our country, which
ashamed that i will no longer be alive when, in the troubling and far-
fields not yet discovered. and i am ashamed that i must admit to this
  seven ample ashamed 
i am so ashamed i cried when i saw these images written large somewhere
A knot here. Pudeo: to be ashamed. Think of _shameful thing._
i am so ashamed
i am so ashamed i cried
recorded sound/* * i am so ashamed i cried when i saw these images written 
ashamed. naked. 
ashamed cried "Nothing remained, war." When did words? practice either. 
will not touch them; they are ashamed, humiliated, and disgusted,
touch it, and are distressed at, and ashamed of, and loathe it. But in 
ashamed to read fiction, there's so little time left; my neck is in pain, 
liquid, stumbles down my chest, pools on the floor; I'm ashamed. 
I am shameless: I am ashamed.
and out and I'm ashamed (the system falters), And radical disconnects,
ashamed to read fiction, there's so little time left; my neck is in pain, 
I am shameless: I am ashamed.
will not touch them; they are ashamed, humiliated, and disgusted. But as 
touch it, and are distressed at, and ashamed of, and loathe it. But in 
i am so ashamed
i am so ashamed i cried
recorded sound/* * i am so ashamed i cried when i saw these images written 
* i am so ashamed i cried when i saw these images written large somewhere,

