


After The Fall

Going back into the Columbia I Am sim after the long performance for the 
Simulationists show in Chicago, and found an oddly beautiful and poetic 
landscape remaining, check it out if you have the time, space, and energy.
And thanks again to everyone who made this possible.

 http://www.alansondheim.org/afterthefall.mp4

Video

double flight harness video from flight dancer with grounded dancer
motion capture with body divided:
left arm / right leg // right arm / left leg // root / head (grounded)
http://www.alansondheim.org/colmocap9.mp4 for output see again
http://www.alansondheim.org/harness.mp4
Morgan Dixon, Katie Graves, Deborah Byczkowski
Brian Wright, mocap engineer 
Columbia College Media Production Center



More from Chicago

http://www.alansondheim.org/el.mov (from visitation rites, Chicago Loop)
http://www.alansondheim.org/burble_4.mp4 (from sessions)
http://www.alansondheim.org/edge_3.mp4 (from sessions, surprise ending)

and such magic:

k6% ps
  PID TTY   STAT    TIME COMMAND
 1022 ttyq5 S    0:00.01 -ksh
 3102 ttyq5 T    0:00.29 alpine (alpine-2.00-p2)
 4055 ttyq5 S    0:00.00 leave +59
14055 ttyq5 O+   0:00.00 ps -g

such coincidence!

early Robert Kelly, etc. and an illustrated book on the Chicago 8 which
respondence 1759-99,_ edited and translatad by Arnulf Zweig, Chicago,
manipulation developed at the Chicago Institute of Art.
   continuum of nature (Chicago 1966). In the past century,
"You just don't get it, do you?" SF to me, Chicago 1991
Gelb, I. J., Old Akkadian Inscriptions in Chicago Natural History Museum, 
Number 2, Chicago Natural History Museum, 1955
Chicago performance text
are lost in a suitcase somewhere outside Chicago.You're early, we're 
From New York, NY (JFK) to Chicago, IL/O'Hare (ORD)
	Wednesday, 21 Feb 07 Flight 907 Depart New York, NY (JFK) at 9:50 
am and arrive in Chicago, IL/O'Hare (ORD) at 11:29 am
From Chicago, IL/O'Hare (ORD) to New York, NY (JFK)
	Tuesday, 27 Feb 07 Flight 904 Depart Chicago, IL/O'Hare (ORD) at 
9:25 am and arrive in New York, NY (JFK) at 12:45 pm
New York, NY (JFK) to Chicago, IL/O'Hare (ORD) 	Flight 907
Chicago, IL/O'Hare (ORD) to New York, NY (JFK) 	Flight 904
Gelb, Old Akkadian Inscriptions in Chicago Natural History Museum. These 
from New York to Chicago then back to West Virgnia then back to New 
Text from Chicago Openport Performances
pulls me out of here (I mean Chicago, not Links Hall) - anyway so I try 
of it up to the Chicago pens. The clattering continued. A lean man with a
SLSC conference, Chicago, 2005
Online with Sandy Baldwin, SAIC, Chicago, 2008
  look what we did in Perth, London, Chicago, NYC, meeting...
Texts in the Ashmolean Museum, Oxford, University of Chicago, 1970:
Montreal, L.A., Chicago, we're the cultural capital of North America! 
Leo Strauss, University of Chicago Press, 1963, still in print. Note the 
Introduced by Thomas L. Pangle, Chicago 1989, currently in print. Here 
manipulation developed at the Chicago Institute of Art.
the Arts Conf. in Chicago); there is a full description. Like Stelarc, I 
Chicago 2001 - I'm reading this now, pleased with the references to 
are lost in a suitcase somewhere outside Chicago.You're early, we're 
   words 12 Chicago Vowel Movers made
aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh xxxxxxxxxx posts bitchbinary texts/chicago
much of it. I'll be at the Openport festival in Chicago the end of the 
Text from 2 Chicago Openport Performances
There's great mocap stuff at Columbia in Chicago. I'd love to use it. 
Grid Lobby in Chicago. Another looping used two cameras and transmissions 
Ingersoll," J. B. McClure, ed., Chicago, 1879.
Openport Performances and talks, Chicago, 2007
SLSA conference, Chicago, 2005
Text from 2 Chicago Openport Performances
finger copi@oddjob.uchicago.edu (Everything including birthdays, moon
in flight from chicago heading nowhere, this great _minus_
take me downtown to chicago on the train
    (c-pc-64.uchicago)
?   ?   chicago.rtf
?   ?   chicago.txt
?   ?   ?   chicago.txt
artbeat chicago love poems | wttw fast it seems that i had lost her now 
chicago city symphony archaeological reconstruction
second silly chicago city symphony
this symphony of doubles will play for you chicago.
symphony anchor chicago silly returns ok building reverse bit abstraction 
chicago.mov chorus.mov chorusa.jpg chorusb.jpg chorusc.jpg chorusd.jpg 
placeholder text chicago 2
dreamwork chicago
chicago another.


meditative

http://www.alansondheim.org/4p_7.mp4 four controlling one, one day
meditative, the slightest, then some

http://www.alansondheim.org/chicagohd_06.mp4 - documentation of process
mocap and flight harness control, brian wright
dancers, morgan dixon, katie graves, deborah byczkowski
video with unprocessed errors, alan sondheim

the earth is so fragile, as our lives, so these momentary interventions,
all that remains imminent, perhaps less, unresonant, so i keep on them,
so of interest in a future that will fail, as ours, encrusting, askew,
telling them true and slant, the slightest ocean, pool, unbeginning and
henceforth, unbegun


flite

avatar situated in air, ground-plane and shadow in air
doubled flight harness documentation opening well in physical real
avatar doesn't fall through, stays there, threading, treading
same background with different bvh files, problematic mappings
neither of these i think but i'm not certain
one of the dancers holding the camera in mid-flight
comfortable working conditions, drink machine out in the hall
http://www.alansondheim.org/flite1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/flite2.mp4


viola played through pakistani frame drum

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/violadrum.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/violadrumm.mp3

after reading about the construction and technique of noh drums


framedrum

thinking about revolving
& the timing of the revolving
the timing of the revolution and hearts and murmurs
the illiterations of the timing
and the liminal spacings of the limning
soft-or the shamanic spinnings and boson superfluids
then the arrhythmia and the errors of breathing
and dictations

pakistani 14" framedrum

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/framedrum0.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/framedrum1.mp3


beautiful code


beautiful code: http://www.alansondheim.org/frissonn.mp4 (mocap mod)

(from avatar.txt)

And so one's body is an immanent form of exchange; for both avatar and
modeler - or procurer - it is a rite of passage. Were it not for the
inertia of sexuality, the weight of the caress of light, hir body would
become invisible, totalized: nothing and everything simultaneously. Its
visibility for you would be its invisibility for hirself, of course, of
course... [   ]

When I model hir, I desire hir, desire the avatar and hir inconceivable
performance, desire this which targets my body, re-possesses it; if s/he
is clothed, hir body fulfills the function of clothing; if s/he is naked,
everything is gone, devoured, _spent._  [   ]

Thus engineering and avatar mediate between the real (evidence in the
"scientific" sense) and the imaginary (the eccentric space of the erotic):
an entity embedded into substance, or an entity promising substance and
embedding - an entity existing only in the virtual, as hard as any other
tissue.

What I am is what I have; what I have is what s/he is; what s/he is, is
what I am; what I am belongs to hir (plateau of skin, flesh of screen of
flesh). What is ceased (embedded) remains in shadow; what is evident
in the light is evidence and light is everywhere. Light embeds and re-
produces; light presences, rewrytes hir again and again. [   ]

I am restrained. In this fashion I hardly know hir, 1 on 1 side of the
screen, 2 on the other. The light becomes a familiar caress (it is not
daylight; it is litigation, the negotiation of the Law in this software,
in this viewer, this hardware wetware); I confess everything. What you
want is what you get. What I engineer is the inverted double, and I
perform for hir. Like a service, I perform for hir, perform for myself,
perform hir. I cannot (to be frank) look in a mirror; I avoid hir eyes. I
perform for dead files which bring hir flesh to life; s/he brings me to
life, the restoration which is the presence of flesh. The memory of flesh.
The memory of non-existent flesh. Flesh is its disembodiment. S/he is the
story which surrounds me. S/he are the beginning of narrative.

What s/he pulls out of me is an object. An avatar. That avatar is an
image, is substance. That avatar cures; s/he is shamanic, mediating the
real against itself. There is nothing spiritual here, in this shamanism;
there is only the presence of desire, arousal, speech, narrative, pathos,
vehemence, intention, the circulating of the real, the collapse of
fantasm, theory, language, against the reality of the flesh and its
excitation. Which becomes a totality, transforms avatar, hir body into
liquidity, the return of the caress. [   ]

Carnival, plateau, perforations of the body. Everywhere illuminations. I
desire hir, desire the endless peregrinations of hir engineering, hir
engine, I desire hir presence within me.

(from a question by Lawrence Upton on wryting-l)

I think of inscription itself as virtual; the body is interpenetrated by 
(and penetrates) systems of signs and symbols not always coherent. A sign 
is virtual to the extent that it represents, even if it's ikonic, repre- 
senting itself. It (the sign) participates in abstraction, taking the body 
with it, just as the body physicalizes the sign. I think of tattoos for 
example as such representations - they're deliberately added. But there 
are things like scars, pockmarks, shaving patterns (or not), bruises, 
makeup, etc., all of which entertain the body within readings, within 
virtual worlds - for example scars referencing a history which is partly 
readable, partly deducible, partly absent. On the other hand, the body is 
fundamentally flesh and tissue, _there,_ and the body in pain or severe 
sickness or near death is 'beyond' representation; I think Elaine Scarry 
touched on these points - just as hysterical laughter or crying becomes a 
'beyond' of the events that may have produced it. Virtuality isn't on a 
rocker switch; it's present like a Noh ghost or haunting, and it's part of 
the uncanny of the body. Watching the motion capture figures is a watching 
of inhabitations which are also lost or gone, or evanescent - there is the 
implication of multitudes in each of the bodies / avatars, yet only one 
connected form is actually visible. The body isn't a product, but it's not 
just a background either. I think one designs the body to a great degree - 
costuming, makeup, general appearance, but this is outward; a scar on the 
other hand most often is a mute testimony of something, perhaps serious 
and painful, that has gone (on) before. I think on the other hand, the 
general tendency is to make a separate between 'real' and 'virtual' bodies 
or avatars, and to talk about the designing of the latter. But the latter 
- even the Second Life virtual world avatars - also participate in the 
abject, in 'leakages,' that reference the arousals, histories, love, and 
hatreds of the 'real' fleshly body; avatars appear self-contained, but but 
they're hardly that (I think this kind of tethering between a body and 
'hir' avatar in fact is uncanny, irreducible, a form of impulse or 
intentionality - something a while ago I called 'jectivity' to cover both 
introjection and projection.)

So I think these mocap avatars or figures are 'about' all of this, all 
this intermixing of ontologies, bodies, representations, etc. - they're 
also carrying a kind of 'social' into the body. It was interesting working 
with the dancers and watching them operate together or independently, but 
within the aegis of the group, almost like a musical quartet; to produce a 
_particular_ movement in the avatar image, the dancers had to move, for 
example, in particular ways. On the other hand, when the dancers 
improvised independently or without regard of the (singular image), new 
and innovative movements appeared in the avatar as it responded, in dialog 
with the hardware and software, to often contradictory requests in the 
placement of limbs and movements. It reminds me of the old "Three Faces 
of Eve" concept of schizophrenia - or the multiple intelligences theory of 
the mind - and what ultimately appears in spite of Minsky, Lacan, and a 
number of more recent thinkers, is still a form of unity - one avatar 
twisting, one being, ultimately the fiction of one sign, the collectivity 
of what we still think of as the individual or "I". 

