=


do they know each other.

http://www.alansondheim.org/dupdup2.mp4 (2(2) bodies, sound)
http://www.alansondheim.org/dupdup1.mp4 (2(1) bodies, silent)

"between the two of us, we do not know each other's taste and smell,
yet we're all read and know each other's bodies well.
to know each other, we had to know each other's bodies; to love and tell,
we got to know each other's fluids well, we got that old besotted smell."

doubled walks / spins / avatar interactions.


nitenite

http://www.alansondheim.org/nitenite.mov

little boobie says goodnite
 to the grownups down below
boobie crawls, her skin splits tight
she crawls on boobie, what a show



from columbia's studio

http://www.alansondheim.org/mocaps.mov

the more work i do, the more stillborn
the more stillborn, the deader
the deader, the less supported
the less supported, the more suppurated
the more suppurated, the more suspended
the more suspended, the more disarticulated
the more disarticulated, the more disambiguated
the more disambiguated, greater the void
the greater the void, the more work i do
the more work i do, the more stillborn


Chicago mocap transformed in crashed OpenSim 

a glitch in craft, opensim, combined with recent mocap:
**The Polyp**
http://www.alansondheim.org/polyp.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/ polyp pngs


longdance

longdance transformed mocap animations with altered avatar in opensim, 
in broken sim area and jo's platform for dance development (thanks jo!)

http://www.alansondheim.org/longdance.mp4

homage to picabia (distorted avatar in problematic grid)

http://www.alansondheim.org/newbie1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newbie2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newbie3.png

opensim takes 1.5 meg animations up to 30 seconds; some longer pieces can 
be seen in longdance. the avatar shifted hir clothes and attachments in 
craft (where i installed), which subsequently has been in the process of 
collapse:

	WARNING - ATTENZIONE
	There have been serious troubles on the Craft database. All 
payments are suspended.
	Owing to a serious error during maintenance, the Craft Database 
has been damaged. The Grid will be restored to is (sic) status as of 23 
December 2010. This means anyone who joined Craft after that date needs to 
sign up again. All inventories will revert to 23 December. Payments for 
those who are renting land in Craft are suspended. Sims are being reviewed 
on a case by case basis, and wherever possible, the most recent version 
will be restored.

Grid Status:			Online
Total users:			489
Total regions:			128
Unique users last 30 days:	69
Unique users last day:		69
On line now:			3


boson behaviors

http://www.alansondheim.org/trapezed.mp4
transformed mocap trapezed diagonal harness performance
thanks to jo for use of Neo/Empiric

       ##                  #cosmos, occurs above the quarks and
no explanation why quarks and leptons are so similar in weakness.
I bet all the neutrinos raised to the power of all the quarks hee hee!
They're writing about the quark particle model and its 
real life: Think of fundamental ontologies under erasure, Feynman diagram
drop boson
You drop boson.
chacteristics of different layers - quark, nucleon, nucleus, atom, mole
among the exfoliations? or at the least, gluons communicating among 
gluons spread across the world, universal
aspects of computation. If you like Feynman or are interested in the 
very existence of the graviton in inequivalence.
boiling from quarks strings dark matters of the soul,
boiling quarks strings dark matters soul emptied untethering witnesses
demolishing fractal with certain quark certain with molecules passed
by blades and surface thicknesses, molecular, atomic, quark,
poor quarks, drowned family empathetic motioning the primes,an
early universe. 
the existence of quarks, virtual particles - the existence of 
ferromagnetism, i about i the origin i of i metals, i atoms, i quarks, it
has no hairs, and shaved we were and quick about it, 
quark head with burned watery images
as Feynman says, are always indeterminate, even in classical frames.
played quark double-stop gluon, quark time, quark in we double-stop and 
look boson
look boson
You see boson here.
You see boson here.
look inside of ourselves, formed from the same atoms, quarks, 
transparencies, quark facing gluon those l inscriptive
masses of the quarks and charged leptons; this rises to 26 if neutrinos 
matter. strings, quarks with problematic spins, all these things tearing
into matters, strings, dark quarks, strings from quarks untethering and
meditating on gluons produced the following -
more\!" /[y]+/ ( "boiling 1; from print quarks 
more\!" /[y]+/ ( more\!" "boiling 1; more\!" from print more\!" quarks 
necessarily. Feynman writes about this as a question of raster - think 
objects quarks waves fuzzy topoi love emb hand considered far beyond ascii 
of rushed quark particles, neutrinos entering sky-cloud-cloud-chart beauty
of the quark, the swimmerets of Jean-Paul the crayfish. I would argue that
gluons communicate among selves wildly channeling. 
You see boson here.
You see boson here.
quark? Higgs boson? knowledge of the K-meson? Inscription and naming? 
quark? Higgs boson? knowledge of the K-meson? Inscription and naming?  
Now the recently quintuplet quark states - there's relationship.
Recently the quintuplet quark states of course - there's a relationship!
Positron and electron, quark and molecule, the buzz of displaced charges, 
soft-or the shamanic spinnings and boson superfluids, such is the case
gluon, releyes on a steyele of fingering that - 
that, for example, the structure of the Kabbalah and quark theory, think
the electron's -e is equal and opposite to that of the quarks amidst
the strong force on the level of quarks and gluons, you understood.
You see boson here.
You see boson here.
Then bosons crash the party making light of everything! trillions of
degrees centigrade facing gluon quark divisibilities underneath the 
sheets. the strong force on the level of quarks and gluons question
raster quickly, and the ssenses of mathematical
objects, quarks, and virtual particles, all for naught.


Political Dance of the International

http://www.alansondheim.org/international.mp4 the world politics of the 
world, manifestos and political economy, liberations and revolutions, 
symbolic collapses and the french revolution, lying reagan's claim for 
soviet collapse, obama's unheeding calls, unlistening, government's 
violence smashing unions, tax-breaks for the rich, illness and hunger and 
starvation here and now, wisconsin governor sucking kkkadafi dick, twenty 
billion for wall-street, they will kill us all, fuel our anger, civility 
is for those who can afford it, all these words, virtual collapse in 
virtual worlds, where are anyone, we're at the eighth or ninth 
international, the rich should die, they're killing us and not with 
kindness, let them burn in the misery of thirst and starvation, let them 
drown in sickness, let them eat their own shit before they make us beg for 
it, violated them, destroyed their lives, let them cut their own throats 
an act of kindness, send them to the front lines of any war of their 
choosing, embed them in enemy reportage, stuff them with their empty 
words, our empty words, fill their dried fat bellies with dead avatars > 
this is a meal for the world, let us all eat flesh

http://www.alansondheim.org/international.mp4
thanks to Second Life, Fau, i am responsible for this


cute emblematic ruins

in the ruins of my work in opensim 
in the deconstruction of my hermaphroditic avatars
into petulant sexuality, the following emerge
http://www.alansondheim.org/emblem.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/cute.mov
through the use of 44.bvh among others


Nothing but Ground

it's the subtlety of steps that, close in, are swallowed by the ground.
in this manner, ideological rhetoric is swallowed by mechanical surface:

It's not there there's nothing but _surface._
It's that there's nothing but _ground._

http://www.alansondheim.org/edge_2.mp4


Two REQUESTS:

1. Please download EVERYTHING from 
http://www.alansondheim.org/ and
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/
Who knows how long these sites will be up? A dying star, war-time 
em-burst, nuclear terrorism, very little: and THE WORK disappears.
Such work as remains virtual debris or residue: it has NO OTHER
existence than what you can give it, yourself, among your storage
machines, your data-bases, your memories CONCRETE.

2. Please enact EVERYTHING visible or audible, everything legible,
within the hardness of MARBLE or GRANITE, guarantee them at the 
least, a modicum of existence beyond my lifespan (as my health
again turns HARSH). It is my DREAM to have this work, these 
avatars, TRANSFORMED into CONCRETE EXISTENCE, forms of STATUARY,
proclaiming, that these were POTENTIALS at a certain stage of our
existence, these were THINGS in the worlds of imaginations. 

DOWNLOAD and SAVE, DOWNLOAD and HARDEN, RE-PRODUCE: so much to
ask, so great and small the results.

SAVE ME!


Open

There are 500 million worlds in our galaxy, a great number of which might 
support life. Or 500 billion - this changes daily - as such, at least 
seventy planets for each of us on earth: inconceivable. Life-forms seem to 
have been found within a meteorite, some local and identifiable, and 
others alien to the core. Multiverses range from 10^500 to an infinite 
number of universes, depending on the theory; in some of these, we're 
reproduced more or less exactly - in others, there's no relationship - in 
almost all, no ingress or egress; we're alone but fantastically duplica- 
ted. Ontology disappears, as does epistemology; knowledge and its constit- 
uents devolve in entirely unforeseen ways. Singularities are more of our 
myths; what is happening is slow erosion, as if eternity is just around 
the corner - but corners themselves are duplicated, and there is no more 
of the same, just as sameness itself appears as 10^500, an impossible 
degree. The point of all of this - the x-dimensional space-time of all of 
this - is only that knowledge has collapsed in its own deconstruction; 
given the problematic of proof, at least in this era, there's no reassem- 
blage on the other side of the brane or horizon. It's hard to configure 
art or ideology - any set or fieldings of human cultural values, given 
this landscape; new discoveries from one day to another bypass momentary 
blockages which are temporarily assembled as theory beyond heuristics - 
Badiou's mathematics comes to mind, Lacan, continental thought, philosophy 
itself, just about any scoring or underscoring one might make of a day or 
night when knowledge seems certain, always on the verge of trembling or 
text. I try to situate my work in relation to all of these, discarding 
myth, religion, even geometries and the truth of the image - any image - 
any imaginary - along the way. Buddhism stumbles on reincarnation for me, 
and the paradoxes of the void dissipate in the sizzle of virtual produc- 
tion. One writes always already suspended, from what and from where, or 
what form of connectivities - these are not only the wrong questions to 
ask, they're questions that are deeply meaningless, as is the preposi- 
tional aegis constructed in and out of localized geometries: above, below, 
within, without, before, after, and so forth. The suspension is from 
nothing. There is a degree of production one attempts to do, with all this 
knowledge, anti-knowledge. Even here, I am ignoring mass extinctions, the 
damage humans have done to the planet, local political corruptions, the 
nadir of what appears, from our positions on the bent plane, as universal 
slaughter. Everything can disappear in an instant: 9/11, Katrina, 
Christchurch, Tibet, are names hinting at a damaged symbolic. It's this: 
as time goes on, (phenomenologically) speeds up, nothing is recoverable; 
we're already gone before we've arrived: we're ghosts occasioned by our 
own exponentially-increasing knowledge which is already out of date. We 
can't catch up with ourselves, as ghosts; phantasms fly faster than flesh, 
which drags us down to death, to a stop of all of this. But until then, 
what? That these universes carry us elsewhere, that we become invaders of 
our very selves, marauders of what we've taken for granted? I try to work 
through this storm, this permanent monsoon encompassing all realities, all 
virtualities, no matter how invisible. And we're all, all of us and our 
selves, in the same positionless.

