


Remnants

::::separated death means
separate wonder lost.
Your clean  is in my catatonic death separates modulus death parasite.
Your passion seeps into my death separates modulus death parasite. -
turning me Julu-Jennifer
:::wonder is never wonder-certain-site.:separated death means separate
wonder lost.
Your hobgoblin dissolves my death separates modulus death parasite.!
troll with  ideohydraulesis!
:::among nothing i am way to death.:separated death means separate wonder
lost.
Your spit asundered by parasite wonder-certain-site. is in my semen
death separates modulus death parasite.
::::among modulus parasite among wonder.
Does  replace your ?
kappa with  ideohydraulesis!
:::i am borromean knot.:parasite is my body gnawing modulus construction. 
Your wraithe dissolves my nawing the borromean gnot!
presence with  ideohydraulesis!
 is clotting everything. - :::I flood your body...:wonder lost.
Your sand I Consider the following again, your  ... is towards my mercuries
:::wonder is never wonder-certain-site.:separated death means separate 
i'm busy with my homework; whatever they call me! wow, I have no idea! who
:Jennifer, what do they call you, when they call you...:::
Would  mind you partying, i'm busy with my homework; whatever they call
me! wow, I have no idea! who , with us?
Your penetrating as you? is in my contrary 
Ah, my makeup eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and julu-depressed
Four trolls were sitting on mushrooms and Debbie and Harry said,:They were
looking for trolls who wanted a good time, upon a time.:Once upon a time,
Harry rode out with Debbie into the forest. :dark and the enormous loins
of the mountain gave birth to crystal :But the gods heard no one, the gods
were Hittite gods, speaking
Your doll dissolves my as if to say, hello, we are with you, even though
no one else is.!
troll with  ideohydraulesis!




deconstructed binoculars engaged in scan of universe


magnification 1:1
scale < 1
ragged, corroded object: nub or lip of potential well:
antiquated or extinct object (opera-glasses, galilean binoculars)
trembled object permeated by neutrino flux, dark matter

http://www.alansondheim.org/binocu1.mov standard view
http://www.alansondheim.org/binocured.mov short rusted view
http://www.alansondheim.org/binocu1.jpg production stills
http://www.alansondheim.org/binocu2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/binocu3.jpg


Improvisation structured by phrase completion with complex strum:

http://www.alansondheim.org/ontheway.mp3 (solo pipa)


Oboe and performance in OpenSim

http://www.alansondheim.org/hautbois.mov

structure become bone-flesh-blood
bone ^ ( flesh v blood ) |= ( bone ^ flesh ) v ( bone ^ blood )
this is where the gesture comes in

and this: solo oboe doubled inverted: 
http://www.alansondheim.org/turnedoboe.mp3


why i love hir

http://www.alansondheim.org/whyilovehir.mp4

i love hir so very much for all these reasons

bigdream  positives.
bigdream  penetrates inversion dyed negatives positives
bigdream  penetrates inversion dyed negatives positives
bigdream  substance, not dyed, not negatives  
cruelbodybody  positives.
cruelbodybody  substance, not dyed, not negatives  
culling  positives.
culling  penetrates inversion dyed negatives negative
culling  penetrates inversion dyed negatives positives
culling  substance, not dyed, not negatives 
fuse  as in      paper _positives_      frame-by-frame preservation
luse  as in      paper _positives_      frame-by-frame preservation
mull  there are positive and positives everywhere in the world
mull  reactions, i have put it off to positives having to do
on  positives.
on  substance, not dyed, not negatives 
out  penetrates inversion dyed negatives positives
out  penetrates inversion dyed negatives positives
radiotheworld  positives.
radiotheworld  substance, not dyed, not negatives  
theory  positives.
theory  substance, not dyed, not negatives 
wool  positives.
wool  substance, not dyed, not negatives



sort of big news

gargantua, commedia del'arte, preposterous buffoons, Perillo's X's were 
more than magnificent, the last vestige of the magnificent, of any 
weakness. on a magnificent dark wood table, obscenities' book lay in 
sullen evil's stuff. Jane Barnaby is NO MORE WITH US, her magnificent 
work buried as if there were magnificent osprey; this time, nothing. but 
at the end, the elders tales transform the magnificent dark wood table, 
Jane Barnaby, and the book.

I like to be ridden, realizing that i would be magnificent, an obscure 
object of desire; flying, I'm lost but fascinated. There's something 
magnificent about radio - no, it's not that sort of blond, but a 
magnificent drawing in sand, giving these stellar performers their due, 
their magnificent bodies carrying the inert, useless, magnificent - 
sublime perhaps - but only from the periphery, body of art, sex, and 
life. give them their due, their magnificent bodies carry the hallmarks 
of their trade.

then I sleep and then wake up unbelievably frightened with my chest cold 
and drained unbelievably small - six months for me, and unbelievably up 
and down with unbelievably ecstatic enormous and overwhelming orgasms. 
this morning I realized this work is unbelievably flimsy, fragile, and
entirely, unbelievably, dangerous. i am a spider who always kills its 
mate. i am the yoke, a real stupid nuisance and unbelievably dangerous, 
unbelievably a total mess some sort of jerk and far too fucked up and 
i'm just awful and screwed up she's unbelievably a total mess some sort 
of tremendously needy, i'm just awful and screwed up she's unbelievably, 
unbelievably a total mess some sort of jerk and far too fucked up and 
unbelievably a total mess some sort of jerk and far too fucked up and 
she's unbelievably a total mess some sort of jerk and far too fucked up 
and Mary wiped her face quickly, the day was unbelievably hot.

it's really furious amazing and unbelievably violent - we should say 
this repeatedly: we love the thing. it's grown unbelievably out of the 
box, but the tweaking isn't hard, although inhumane. We're living in one 
of the latest cosmetics, with unbelievably bad school systems, Bibles, 
and churches thrown into uncanny space. It's tiny and saying I think it 
would be terrible if Alan starves to death but he is unbelievably 
rugged, he came down from the mountains, then slept and then woke up 
unbelievably frightened with his chest cold and Nikuko doesn't know and 
she's not about to find out. nikuko's unbelievably flimsy this morning, 
fragile, entirely ontological - nikuko in overwhelming ORGASM 
unbelievably ecstatic enormous and

"it's all one. k!% make 'unbelievably-sexy-body-wanting-you.o' make: 
Nothing to be done for `unbelievably-sexy-body-wanting-you.o'."

o unbelievably ecstatic enormous and overwhelming orgasm - this morning 
I realized this work is unbelievably flimsy, fragile, entirely super- 
ficial, but still, it would be terrible if I starved to death. it's 
unbelievably sad, i sigh to myself, it sounds like it will go on forever 
- but it won't.


docu

taken from desktop recorder, ubuntu riding on dell inspiron b130, every- 
thing runs slow, it's almost impossible to turn recording on and off, 
second life stutters with two recorders running simultaneously, the result 
is this mix of virtual and real-virtual, or virtual and layered virtual, 
watching it, i'm not sure what the controls are/were, but there they are, 
for some reason this has turned into an interesting puzzle...

http://www.alansondheim.org/out.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/outoh.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/outohoh.png



Correcting New Hampshire Trees and Poles

my inexpensive camcorder slants stuff
i try to correct it
http://alansondheim.org/nhcorrect1.mov
http://alansondheim.org/nhcorrect2.mov

Aden has a gong

I made a music piece
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gnog.mp3


scents/sense of trails and orders

old orders yielding place to new
mixed avatar trails between two mocap epistemologies
in combination, systemic/chaotic ruptures
this went on somewhere in the sky way over columbia iam
i think it's over

http://www.alansondheim.org/whoshall.mp4
song and voice by azure carter


Notes from some talks at Dartmouth and forthcoming at WVU -
Some of this is altered from older material.)

