

Tuesday night presentation:

The fundamental nature of physical reality:
Granular, discrete, without or without continuous mathematics
Many problems arise.

1 Virtual reality or mixed reality will be swamped by mass extinctions, 
environmental degradation, local wars, hacking gangs, economic collapse.
  Virtual reality or mixed reality exists in a fragile zone within 
literally catastrophic forces (in the sense of catastrophe theory).
  We move forward as-if.
**In this sense, vr can be considered a _virtual enclave_ or potential 
well within the real. - The fragility of the good.
== Also issues of class based on technical knowledge, available tech,
surplus cash, bandwidth, etc. - including collaborative potential.

2. My own work is centered on decentering, on the somatic, on error. 
At a codework conf. described the difference between programmers and 
artists (which is really non-existent): that the former correct errors, 
the latter embrace them. This is fictitious of course; there are 'band- 
widths' of acceptability, depending on the project. Kludging is an example 
where the two come together. (Most of the world is an example where the 
two come together.)

3. Almost all work in virtual worlds is literal, allegorical, fantasy, 
referential, simulacrum, parallel, mock-up. My work is not; my work exists 
as alien: my spaces have to be negotiated, my avatars may or may not be 
visible, and their behavior:

4. My avatar behavior is governed by animation files originating with 
motion capture equipment. Almost all professional current mocap uses nodes 
- information coming in from specific body areas, assigned body areas, and 
so forth. I remap the mocap body, by distributing nodes among several 
human bodies; by collapsing nodes, by node reassignment on a geometric or 
random basis, by 'heaping' nodes and so forth. 

In the virtual, how, where, does emotion, sexuality, abjection, come into
play? What are the barriers? Where are they? The potential wells? What is
safe and not safe play? Marrying in Second Life.

5. I see the body as:

a. An already inscribed, already virtual body: The body is cultural all 
the way down, into the threshold of pain and death. I should add here that 
_all fauna_ possess culture: it is not unique to humans; even amoeba have 
memory.


when we talk about flesh - we references something uncontainable, soft, vulnerable, carrying history with its scars, always tending towards death, undergoing transformation - something we have a visceral reaction to -in SL there is always the possibility of photographic textures - as if the real has 'made it' to another world - avatar flesh is always a representation, never ikonic - as such it can form, focus, narrate, like any other representation - you can have emotional/psychological reactions to avatars, avatar movement - just as you can to pornography, images of violence - it's almost as if they can carry a certain truth. when however you go beneath the surface of the carapace - there's nothing - as perhaps in buddhism - the interiority - revelation - of the flesh is non-existent - emptied out, exhausted - it's this uneasy area between representations of surface and emptiness, as if corrupted, of interiority - that my work operates - related to my other theoretical concern - how does consciousness apprehend formal systems - 

b. A distributed or social body: Who speaks 'within' 'us' and who answers 
for us, etc. My avatars are social, their movements produced by groups 
instead of individuals: up to four performers for one animation file. - this is a different 'within' - the internal voice - there is voice in SL, other sounds, written chat, attached chat which is read. -

c. A dying body: Our bodies are always _on the way out_ and our work, if 
it doesn't revolve around love, sexual arousal, and hatred, is bounded by, 
revolves within, the horizon of death and despair. the dying avatar - deadatar - the avatar left behind in the MOO or MUD - my current augmented reality work - (so much AR seems to go in this direction, as do performance pieces - the COFFIN - as if in the end death asserts itself always already against the virtual)

d. An absent body (Drew Leder); we rarely track everything. It is the 
privilege of the camera in Second Life to reveal the avatar as simultan- 
eous object and subject: confined and open.

e. A present body (Julia Kristeva) and an _abject_ body - both in and out 
of virtual worlds. What are we afraid of just beneath the surface - what's there?

I am interested in _errors, leaks, and resistance,_ and in the 
re-presentation of _flesh._ 

The work I've done: at Columbia and West Virginia: exploring the 
limitations of mocap. Because my work always begins and ends with the 
flesh, with the flesh-mind, with _embodied mind._

