=

I pay no attention to theology; inerrancy or core belief is already dead 
in relation to its imperviousness. Think of god or spirit as token; as 
ulterior, in-evident, there is little to say about them, except of course 
for what might be enacted in their name.

Theory is no longer at an impasse; theory - in the sense, in any sense, of 
speaking the world, is already lost. It's lost in technology, in the 
concrete, which it misplaces and misinterprets - how can one speak of 
codework without understanding code, speak of epistemology without access 
to, and understanding of, the very machines that extend, at least for the 
privileged, the real - whose very definition is characterized by 
withdrawal? The entanglement of theoretical subject and object is best 
served by quantum mechanics from below, now approaching the level of 
ordinary visibility. 

This is occasioned by recent readings into theory, where it is clear that 
the authors were circumlocuting a field they had little knowledge of - in 
this case, codework - but it's also occasioned by an increasing dissatis- 
faction with theory's applications beyond the social in general. It's too 
easy to slip from augmented reality or virtual worlds or virtual reality 
itself, to ontologies or epistemologies, with the receding dream of the 
fundamental guiding one astray. There are several levels involved, all 
crumbling, all entangled - the physical-real, the mathematics of the world 
(however world and mathesis are defined), the current technologies of the 
world (ditto), access to these technologies, theory and its techne - and 
melding or interoperability among all of these. It's theory that 
disappears in the mix - or the rest of us; increasingly, to understand the 
world has come to mean to understand technical vocabularies on all levels 
- from conceptual/theoretical astuteness to access to tools, which depends 
on the grace of institutions and individuals. In my own case, Patrick 
Lichty and Sandy Baldwin directed me towards mocap at their institutions; 
Frances van Scoy extended the invitation to 3-d scanners; Mark Skwarek 
guided me through the beginnings of mocap, and so forth. I walk in and out 
of labs with residencies that range (once) from half a year to (most 
often) 2-3 days. I walk into institutions, into institutional cultures; in 
this regard I'm luckier than most. But the access remains highly limited, 
and what's more important here, the resulting phenomenology is always 
bracketed. I suspect this is the case for most people; it's a matter of 
degree. All I can do - all _anyone_ can do - is write from the outside, 
from the external (within or without a phenomenology of externality), but, 
by grace of these invitations, I have learned, at the least, my limits. 
Theory on the other hand proceeds without limits; its contemporary 
over-reliance on the body, abjection, sexuality, and other issues is to 
some extent a withdrawal to a fictional core that remains inviolate: begin 
and end with the body of the theorist, and the details of codework for 
example will either be bypassed, introjected, or seen as irrelevant. None 
of this would matter, if theory didn't carry the weight it does; we've all 
read descriptions of our own work as if they're written in a foreign 
language, indecipherable with occasional partial legibilities that seem 
inherently wrong. Media (in the sense of writing-about, placing that 
writing, receiving and remediating that writing) does that to one, and 
there's little recourse at the other end. (On the other hand, our own 
descriptions, as cultural workers, often chart out vast philosophical 
terrain, as if materiality - and the bridging between abstract theory and 
materiality - made a difference. I'm guilty of that! In this enclaved 
essay I'm guilty of that!)

When I give a talk now, I try to begin with issues of "the fragility of 
good things" (from catastrophe theory), extinctions, global slaughter 
coupled with populations exponentially increasing - and enclaving, a 
concept borrowed from Mike Davis, emphasizing the secure and violent walls 
placed around the wealthy, around global institutions and bodies, around 
governance in general. Theory itself is enclaved in this regard - as is 
the epistemology/ontology of the real (at variance with theory), dependent 
on Fermilab, the LHC, AR, holographic VR, etc. etc. - pick your level, 
your machine, your theorist. The levels aren't interoperable, nor are they 
well-defined. The result is brilliant production, with either micro-man- 
aged phenomenology, or phenomenology left in the dust. (Brian Greene's The 
Hidden Reality figures here for example.)

It's characteristic of this short essay, that _I don't know what I'm 
talking about, nor can I_ - which is why the weaker the theory, the more 
functional. I keep thinking of the usual question, for example - Why is 
there something rather than nothing - and coming up with the exhaustive 
positioning of physical bootstrapping, the universe bringing itself, 
continuously, into existence, so that the Why - which implies both origins 
and causality - if it doesn't fade away, at least is in need of a coronary 
bypass. The solidity or projection of real or virtual objects stands 
ultimately in relation to physical theory; if holography plays a role in 
our appearing, how many codings occur to construct a virtual world?

The bottom line, not the fundamental one, is the failure of regimes - of 
technology, theory, coding, phenomenology, physical and somatic realities 
- to interconnect, in combination with apparent flows of power among them. 
This power is split and sutured by human claims among humans that don't 
quite interconnect. I'm not talking about the old notion of two cultures, 
but about fragmentation everywhere, suturing within micro-domains (code, 
technology, augmented and diminished realities, theory, daily life). This 
is hard to grasp, when even this description falls apart, is rifted; how 
could it be otherwise? I'm not talking about the old notion of master 
narratives, but about a collocation of narratives, topologically-distinct 
but fuzzy and broken sememes. I'm not talking about a dearth of ontologies 
but about ontologies as local conventions, epistemologies always already 
under contestation. (Which is amazing and liberation; there are just the 
old Sartrean issues of scarcity economics in the midst of Bataille's 
surplus increasingly harbored from above.)

And I'm talking about enclaving brought about by an exponential increase 
in knowledge, coupled by an exponential increase in wealth among a small 
and isolated class - both have utterly transformed the landscape, origin- 
ally one of privilege, network broadcast, and limited access - through a 
period of net neutrality, open sourcing knowledge (but not medical care, 
basic survival safety nets, life on the ground), and a distant horizon of 
universal open channels of information and communication - to one again of 
technological privilege, limited broadcast and access, local control. I 
can see the model changing from the imperial through the appearance of 
democracy, back through neoliberalism to an imperium in everything but 
name. Better managed this time, everything appears better and better 
advertised; it's just a kind blurriness in the details: WELCOME TO THE 
TELECOMS OF THE REAL.




Frenzied in my Face

How do I theorize this? It's in my face.
It's inescapable. It's Augmented Virtuality.
It's too close. I can't say anything. It's AV.

http://www.alansondheim.org/myface.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/frenzied.mp4



LISTEN HERE! FORGET EVERYTHING YOU EVER KNEW!


Forget Everything You Know About Kenny G | Best. Saxophone ...

Forget Everything You Know About Making Money Online (And Start ...

Forget everything you have ever learned about stock trading, this ...

Mar 14, 2011 ... Forget everything you have ever learned about stock 

Forget Everything You Ever Learned in High School

Horrible Movie Night: Forget everything you know about zombies ...

John Gray: Forget everything you know - Profiles, People - The ...

Forget Everything You Know About Sleep | Men's Journal

Forget Everything You Think You Know About Kyle Farnsworth

BaseBall Tricks  Forget Everything You Know About Sports! This Is ...

"Forget Everything You Know About Dean Winchester" -- by ...

"Forget everything you know" was displayed in text in a trailer I ... I 

Forget Everything You Know About Functions: JavaScript Subroutines ...

Land Matters: Time to Forget Everything You Know?  The Dirt

Forget everything you ever learned about the elements that are supposed to 

to forget everyone, forget everything and start over with me ... you'll 

Amazon.com: Forget All the Rules You Ever Learned About Graphic Design: 

Facebook Marketing - Forget Everything That Your Mother Taught You ...

Forget Everything You've Learned | Planetizen

Forget Everything You've Heard About Muscle!

Love is just a hoax so forget everything that you have heard. ... I nearly 

Apr 8, 2010 ... Forget Everything I Ever Told You: Corporate Re-Invention 

For the first time ever. Forget Everything You Know About Industrial Air 

Forget Everything You Thought You Knew About Eye-Gouging Tedium ...

Forget What You Think You Know About Marijuana Growing

I implore you to forget everything that you have ever heard 

Forget everything you think you know about oil

Sep 12, 2010 ... Forget Everything You Know About Pheobe's Cafe ..... If 

Forget EVERYTHING you thought you knew about putting! | Golf News

Richard Russell - Richard Russell: Forget everything you've heard ...

Forget everything you know about arthritis relief. There are things you 

Forget Everything You Thought You Knew About Self Defense Products ...

forget everything about your life now. You'll forget everyone you know. 

Albion London - Work - Forget Everything You Know About Flying

at ... Always forgive, but never forget, learn from your mistakes, but 

Jul 5, 2004 ... Thank you. Forget everything you ever knew! GET REAL! ... 

Forget Everything You Know About Deep Throating / Queerty

Consulting . Forget everything you thought you knew about male ...

Jul 12, 2010 ... HEISEI SERIES: Forget everything you know, because we're 

Forget Everything You've Ever Known About Eating - Deadspin

[GET] WSO- CPA Shortcut (Forget EVERYTHING You've Been Told About ...

Should You Really Forget Everything you Know about Betting and Use ...

Dec 30, 2007 ... Forget everything you learned in kindergarten about the 

completely forget almost everything you've learned. ...

Forget everything you've ever been told - SFGate

Oct 24, 2008 ... Forget everything you were ever taught as a child because 

The VALE-TUDO Mount Forget everything you know about the mounted position! 

Pay Attention. Forget All You've Ever Known. It All Ends Here And ...

Forget everything you thought you knew about coach Smith. February 14, 

Forget Everything... | Facebook

Forget Everything You Know About Sports! This Is The One System You Will 

poorly might think thoughts like, "What if I forget everything I know? 

Don't Forget Everything You Did This Summer! | The Stir

Forget Everything Else You've Ever Heard! Use These Startling ...

"You'll forget everything soon. Before you turn into dried meat, 

Canned foods??? Forget everything you've been told...

Forget everything you've been told. .... If we ever get in to survival 

Forget everything you ever thought you knew about waffles. ... 9.4-inch 

jury duty lately. ... "forget everything you ever knew about unicorns . 

Feb 26, 2010 ... Forget everything you've ever thought about bingo. ... 

Dec 6, 2010 ... "Forget everything you knew about Tomb Raider, we are 

Forget Everything You Thought You Knew About Rodent Anatomy ...

Apr 11, 2011 ... Well, you can forget everything you ever heard about 

Forget everything you were told when you were young. You won't ever need 

Wolfies Frozen Custard - Forget Everything You Ever Knew About Ice ...

Forget EVERYTHING you ever knew about abortion | Facebook

Mar 9, 2011 ... "forget everything you ever knew about the sandwich". Mar 

Michele PW . Forget Everything You Ever Knew About marketing ...

Forget everything you ever knew about - Guru QM10 - Forget ...

Launch Post: Forget Everything You Ever Knew. cjf46's picture. Tue, 

IS BADDER Forget everything you ever knew about the super sport liter 


MOVED: Forget everything you ever knew about 9/11

Forget everything you ever knew about blogs, and visit 

Forget everything you ever knew about a burger . D ...

Apr 25, 2006 ... Forget everything you ever knew, because I want to invite 

Mar 6, 2011 ... Forget EVERYTHING you ever knew about this man, and move 

Tea Times - Forget everything you ever knew about the traditional ...

until you forget everything you ever knew about SQL. ...

Feb 19, 2008 ... Forget everything you ever knew. Forget everything you 

Forget Everything You Ever Knew About Marketing . It's All About ...

THE BARK IS BAD, THE BITE IS BADDER Forget everything you ever knew about 

Desert, you must first forget everything you ever knew about gardening 

The first thing to do is to forget everything you ever knew, everything 

Feb 24, 2011 ... Forget everything you ever knew about making a ponytail. 

you forget everything you ever knew about Silent Hill, except for the fact 

Sep 9, 2010 ... Forget everything you ever knew about Office 2003 and 

Forget everything you ever knew about applying graphics to Sunbrella 

May 7, 2009 ... Forget everything you ever knew about heavyweight fighters 

to forget everything you ever knew about Love; It never cares what you 

Feb 10, 2011 ... When it comes to layout, forget everything you ever knew 

Forget everything you ever knew about building wealth and financial 

sweet, creamy, and bold that you'll forget everything you ever knew about 

the "heat of battle" you will forget everything you ever knew about pools. 

autoblogs, as long as you forget everything you ever knew about them and 

Apr 11, 2011 ... Forget everything you ever knew about grindcore because 

Mar 26, 2011 ... Forget everything you ever knew about massages if you've 

May 3, 2010 ... Don't say we didn't warn you to forget everything you ever 

Mar 30, 2011 ... The bottom line is: forget everything you ever knew about 

Dec 21, 2009 ... Forget everything you ever knew about getting the perfect 

Apr 3, 2007 ... Forget Everything You Ever Knew about Date-Time Handling 

Mar 23, 2010 ... Forget everything you ever knew about budget deficits. 

Mar 4, 2011 ... Forget everything you ever knew about a lucite heel, 

Forget everything you EVER knew! This is all you NEED to know ...

"Forget everything you ever knew about Tetris. Mr. Blocko is here to rock 

AMHERST, NY . Forget everything you ever knew, or thought you knew, about 

The preferred method is to forget everything you ever knew about named 

Nov 24, 2009 ... Forget everything you ever knew about Fruit Cake . this 

The trick is to forget everything you ever knew about Bob Dylan, including 

Jun 29, 2004 ... Forget everything you ever knew about Windows 9x. It's 

First, they want you to forget everything you ever knew about writing. 

Forget everything you ever knew about Freelancer. Forget everything you 

Jun 16, 2002 ... Forget everything you ever knew about Ducatis except for 

Forget everything you ever knew about sofas, armchairs and beds. SoftAir. 

Forget everything you ever knew about the film noir detective. Welles 

Jun 13, 2007 ... Now forget everything you ever knew about mopping, like 
buckets of cloudy water, mixing cleaning solutions, and wringing out ugly 
cloth ...



you can't outrun the ballad of death
but sing her a ballad or two
you're stumbling and faltering and losing your breath
she's sucking the life out of you

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/deathrush3.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/deathrush4.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/deathrush5.mp3

