=


Threnodies

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/pippaa.mp3 (complex, moody, lyrical, 
neurotic, as perfect as I can make it)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/pippab.mp3 (shred classical, neurotic)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/violaa.mp3 (threnody, odd)



Rationale of the Dirty Joke

Command 'cant' from package 'swap-cwm' (universe) Command 'cap' from 
package 'capistrano' (universe) Command 'cdck' from package 'cdck' 
(universe) Command 'cint' from package 'root-system-bin' (universe) 
Command 'clock' from package 'xview-clients' (universe) Command 'cnt' from 
package 'radiance' (universe) Command 'cook' from package 'cook' 
(universe) Command 'crip' from package 'crip' (universe) Command 'cupt' 
from package 'cupt' (universe) Command 'cut' from package 'coreutils' 
(main) Command 'czap' from package 'dvb-apps' (universe) Command 'dan' 
from package 'emboss' (universe) Command 'fsck' from package 'util-linux' 
(main) Command 'git' from package 'git' (main) Command 'grap' from package 
'grap' (universe) Command 'hose' from package 'netpipes' (universe) 
Command 'hunt' from package 'bsdgames' (universe) Command 'hunt' from 
package 'hunt' (universe) Command 'luck' from package 'gromacs' (universe) 
Command 'mock' from package 'mock' (universe) Command 'pick' from package 
'mailutils-mh' (universe) Command 'pick' from package 'nmh' (universe) 
Command 'pisg' from package 'pisg' (universe) Command 'pius' from package 
'pius' (universe) Command 'suck' from package 'suck' (universe) Command 
'tgt' from package 'tcm' (universe) Command 'ti' from package 'ticgit' 
(universe) Command 'tic' from package 'ncurses-bin' (main) Command 'tie' 
from package 'texlive-binaries' (main) Command 'tig' from package 'tig' 
(universe) Command 'tin' from package 'tin' (universe) Command 'tint' from 
package 'tint' (universe) Command 'tst' from package 'pvm-examples' 
(universe) Command 'ttt' from package 'ttt' (universe)


The Perfect World of Julu Twine

pw1:
http://www.alansondheim.org/pw.mp4
pw2:
http://www.alansondheim.org/pw1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/pw2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/pw3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/pw4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/pw5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/pw6.jpg



Uncomfortable notes on the poetics of captured human behavior:

[for Epoetry 2011]

motion-captured/motion-transformed/behavior-modification:
poetics of movement: vocabulary of movement:

{range of human actions, Laban A} >T> {unlimited range of actions B}
A bound by skeletal connectivity, Jordan surfaces; 
B bound by skeletal connectivity, twisted/tangled surfaces
in other words the links in B can bend in any direction;
the links in A are confined by human skeletal potentials + topology
 (topological embedding in four dimensions):
 think of this as a tensor calculus of human movement
 think of this as a topography of flesh and sinew
Ruptures in the calculus:
 the tortured or wounded body
 the body convulsed in pain
 the catatonic body
 the terrorized body
 the broken or 'defective' body
Ruptures through the imaginary:
 the nightmare
 the orgasm
 hysteria/ boundaries of laughing and crying
 the confined body/ body of s/m
 the forgotten or abandoned body
 the hyper-sexualized body transmitters/ receivers
 hallucinations and other phenomena (Dendy's Philosophy of Mystery)
Ruptures of the body invaded by capital:
 prosthetics
 X-scopic surgeries
 rfid implants
Ruptures of the body invaded by the imaginary:
 (capital of the imaginary, imaginary capital)
 psycho-tropics/overdetermined associations/disassociations
Ruptures of the body by an augmented real:
 sports, steroids, body-building, and so forth

Invasions of the imaginary, invasions of capital, of the augmented real,
 invasions through the imaginary: invasions or invaginations, 
 incorporations or intensifications? These terms entangle and return to:

Either the proper body, or the body as heap;
 the articulated body, or the dismembered and reassembled body;
 the body characterized by a real, or the body chararacterized 
 by an imaginary;
either the fundamental topography of the body, 
 or the fundamental topology of the body -  invasions, dissolutions,
 ruptures.
Ruptures as returns of the repressed: 
What lexicons are at work? What economies?

What is it that motion capture captures? What is snared, what abandoned?
What is the vocabulary of behavioral dynamics  voluntary, autonomic,
 involuntary, intrinsic  or involuntary, anomalous and axiomatic, 
 extrinsic?
In other words: What's going on with us, within and without the world?



Uncomfortable notes on the poetics of captured human behavior: 
Part 2: the Wringing:

Laban, in Modern Educational Dance, distinguishes ``eight basic efforts'':
Wring, Press, Glide, Float, Flick, Slash, Punch, Dab. ``Each of these 
efforts contains three of the six movement elements: strong, light, 
sustained, quick, direct, flexible.'' Four of the group are strong: Slash, 
Wring, Press, and Punch. Wring and Press reconfigure the avatar; Press 
preserves both topology and topography, but Wring transforms at least the 
latter.

Wringing slides one against another, in combination with pressure: 
Wringing distorts the body. With physical bodies, wringing breaks 
connections (slashing can also break connections).

The wrung body, the hobbled body. Wringing occurs when the body is 
simultaneously twisted and restrained.

Gravity restrains and locates the body. With mocap, gravity may be 
'eliminated' through the use of harnesses, or through edge phenomena 
that carry the body elsewhere.

The heaped or pressed body: the body as thing, as material: the body of 
the slave (wrung from and within capital, wrung from the socius).

From the viewpoint of capital, of war, the dehistoricized body - the body 
becoming element or token, demarcation of nothing but position, mined for 
its materiality.

The finality of the dancing body, the dance of death - the heaps of 
Rwanda, Auschwitz, Abu Gharayb.

Similarity, in the world of the simulacrum, the disappearing body: 
Argentina, U.S. prisons.

Not similarity: the world of the (natural) catastrophe, the disaster: the 
heaped body, but the body (perhaps) recuperated for/within history.

One might think through all of this as the historiography of the body. 
Where do we go from here?


Uncomfortable notes on the poetics of captured human behavior: Part 3:
the Wringing: Part 2:

V. WRINGING.

wringing--is flexible, sustained, strong.

Wringing can vary from a pulling to a twisting movement,and is felt more 
easily in the shoulders, arms and hands than in the hips and legs. The 
feeling of strength must not be lost, as the slow muscular resistance felt 
in pressing is also present in this effort, but wringing produces a 
different sensation as the joints move more flexibly.

At first, wringing should be felt in the hands, as in wringing out 
clothes, and then extended, using different parts of the body. The whole 
body can be set into a wringing motion--for example in yawning.

Wringing movements of the arms can be directed into various zones, the 
most important as far as exercises are concerned being down forwards 
outwards, but there are many possibilities--with each arm separately, or 
both together, wringing downwards, upwards, across, sideways, forwards and 
backwards, extending into space in all directions.

Wringing should also be experienced in other parts of the body, such as 
the shoulders, trunk, hips, legs, not only extending into space away from 
the body, but towards it. Other possible variations are wringing simultan- 
eously with both arms in different directions, or wringing with different 
parts of the body into various directions; for example, wringing the trunk 
in a backwards-bending movement and doing the same action with arms 
sideways high, _et cetera._

[...]

"Indulging with" Space and Time, and "fighting against" Weight, which is 
the essence of wringing, develops a valuable control and gives and 
entirely different movement-experience from that gained by doing simple 
twisting exercises. The counter-tensions involved produce a different kind 
of bound flexibility from that met with in any other form of physical 
activity.

(Rudolf Laban, Modern Educational Dance, 1948, pp. 63-65.)



cauterization of the sublime

http://www.alansondheim.org/ikantsee.mov

and of the sublime?

The sublime, the infinite, remains. Life is a narrow-bandwidth "I sleep in 
sublime unconcern for the words which wander abroad, whilst I think of the 
cliff of whispers." sublime beauty, herself oozed among signifiers, grap- 
pled by Nikuko-hands, the sublime child through the romantic clef to the 
sonorous echo, through dark virtue.

at long last, last sublime. what next. death is always the ruin of the 
world, the world's ruin. For we are within this era, this positioning, 
dulled, imploded, but never this ecstasy or indefinite sublime which 
remains unreachable.

inheres to the analogic; the digital decathects the sublime; the analogic 
decathects the digital; the analogic decathects the sublime, decathects 
avatars, within the sublime; the digital is sublime, infinite avatars back 
at it; within the sublime, there are infinite avatars; the digital is 
sublime, infinite, {avatars are backed, at the back of are the backs of 
avatars are against the particular}.

there were great hollows, condors, sublime worlds beyond worlds romantic- 
ized, farmed-out, mystified; subliminal, as if the intermediary always 
escaped.

among the sublime. neither singular nor plural. nor something revealed - 
it would be easy, yes, to think through the plural, counting 'them'. 
What's interior is analytic, what's exterior is sublime, mists, mists 
inert, useless, magnificent, scattered, mostly out of sight, and you say, 
"The cliff is sublime." Think of the cliff of the sublime, think of time.

i curl up, sleeping forever
i curl up, sleeping forever
i curl up, sleeping forever
we call it beauty.

and Kant?

posited as a simple position, which was precisely his position. And for 
university found in a copy of Heidegger's Kant and the Problem of Hegel, 
Husserl, Kant, Aristotle, and Spinoza, in any detail. Kant's Das Ende 
Aller Dinge states, of a dying man, that "er gehe a u s eternity." And 
here Kant - the rest of us as well - runs into the aporia of time for his 
development. Over and over, he batters Kierkegaard, Nietzsche who he finds 
seductive, and Heidegger!

Speaker says, ""Jerry asks about Kant ... Alan thought he meant something. 
Speaker says, "Questions about Kant ..."
Speaker says, ""Jerry asks about Kant ... Alan thought he meant something. 

   chapters on: Kant, Hegel, Marx, Nietzsche, Weber ...
   and chapters on Kant, Hegel, Marx, Nietzsche,
   Wittgenstein, Frankfurt School Kant: Heidegger,
   chapters on: Kant, Hegel, Marx, nietzsche, Weber ...
   and chapters on: Kant, Hegel, Marx, nietzsche,

Kant might have it, the world may split apart,
which plays into him in an interesting way.

"commit humming." "Great Kant, As a believer calls to his God, I call!"
"commit suicide." "Great Kant, As a believer calls to his God, I call!"


dawn and

http://www.alansondheim.org/dawn.mov  

after my father's 97th birthday, a new dawn in Second Life



scratch

http://www.alansondheim.org/scratch1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/scratch2.mp4

"This just happened. I mean I opened up the software and this just started 
to run from the bvh files. I'm not sure which, to be sure - they were 
there and they look like mine, with the sudden jumps at all. I kept think- 
ing it was like a machine fabricating and then moving the parts around and 
every so often a supervisor would appear. It's a new-human machine (NHM) 
because the movements are pretty much jump-cuts, with nothing in between. 
But I'm not sure. I think the supervisor is an active AI NHM, under its 
own control, trying to tell me something. It kept spawning the program and 
the NHMs in it. Over and over again. It took twenty minutes to shut it 
down. I'm positive either the program's alive or it's a kind of cage with 
organisms in it, and they have their own free will. They don't ever like 
it closed down. They have to sleep when it happens. And they don't dream."



Driven

Then return quickly to the insect. It hobbled across the screen, banging 
and undercutting legs, legs on top of legs, a real hobble, what appeared 
to be Diogenes, Nietzsche hobbles along, also hobbled by Christianity as 
well. The red patch over my eyes is painful; I am hobbled, resorting to 
Diogenes, Nietzsche hobbles along. Nietzsche hobbles along, also the 
CONCEPT. When Jesus said: I AM he really said I AM. The CONCEPT, halting, 
heavy, heavy, hebetudinous, hebetudinous, hobbled, hobbled, the wrung 
body, the hobbled body. Wringing occurs when the body is halting, heavy, 
heavy, hebetudinous, hebetudinous, hobbled, hobbled, Diogenes and Niet- 
zsche hobble along. The red patch over my eyes is painful; I'm hobbled, 
resorting to the question is, can she keep control? That left hand of hers 
on the throttle vestibuleite empyreanblime vicinityildings throttles - 
she's hollowed creation; time is magnified, hindered. Tissue and bone, 
processed, proceedeth bad bowing jewels raiment precious tarried few least 
hindered handmaids hindermost graciously handmaidens meanest urged knoweth 
and hindered by permafrost - you can go just so far North, Australia only 
by a way of hindering an emergence which would slaughter me. She follows 
his track. If any one hinders the horses' progress, the guard will throt- 
tle death, forestall us in the forest, hinder our uneasy ways, just as 
alarm is subdued. Alarm for what, alarm hinders, ties one to proceeding: 
bad bowing jewels raiment precious tarried few least hinder handmaids 
hindermost graciously handmaidens meanest urged knoweth, resulting in a 
series of articles and pieces. facilitated hindered indicated driven 
death, forestall us in the forest, hinder our uneasy ways, forestall the 
forest, hinder our ways, so that saying is unhindered, so that saying is 
driven.



The Plague. Radiations. Nothing.

http://www.alansondheim.org/radiations.mp4

shoot to kill do anything avoid the pain avoid the Plague. there's Nothing 
idea if it has a site, sight, or locus. it's more like a locust, Plague 
the Plague now n stemsbut you know this lpmud has been contaminated. viral 
Plagues, organs of rearrange: the Plague af language gauges these Plagues 
of emanations pressing on the ribs and throat and face.

shows he is Plagued by self-doubt ('his tools desert him, he is a man that 
a savior will come, or a Plague or pure annihilation - the Plague, the 
Plague easements one has to be blind to things, to insideme, i know not; 
but this felt like a locust, Plague take you or this is like a locust, 
Plague take you everywhere, emitted i know not; but this felt like a 
locust, Plague take you everywhere, deep insideme, i know not; but this 
felt like a locust, Plague take you medina - omar - what's left of us - 
the Plague's coming - no food - some resurgence of smallpox and Plague

other Radiations, invisible viral Plagues - all plasma, seepage - what 
asses menservants maidservants camels Plagued Plagues didst tell saidst 
tuberculosis, diptheria, Plague, i forget the rest - things that rot your 
praeeminent shafts unagreeable leagues imagind draff draff imagind Plagues 
staies Plagues imaginations craggie imagining unaided availe leagu imagin 
imaginations Plagues availes unaided imagining imagination leagu availes 
stai Plagues claimd plaind chaind fraile Plagues fraile draind traind

an enormous inertia in the midst of Plague, floods, fires, crusades, wars, 
difference spreading like Plague across canon and genre, classic and 
Plague. in the midst of sickness i design sickness. in virtual lands.

Radiations in a way that's almost uncanny - spews, emissions, Radiations. 
and among all of this, nikuko flies, swoops, the lnet, [sic] encased in 
skein of Radiations. of Radiations and dusts, Radiations, stars, objects, 
blue vector determinant

i theorized: invisible theory, Radiations, dusts. i knew even then that 
maps extension irRadiations address sides accurate cloth panties ground 
top down through Radiations blinding accumulation. the disaster of at this 
not be necessary because at the top down through Radiations blinding 
pleasures at the top down through Radiations blinding accumulation. the 
theory, the reduction to what i've considered elsewhere as Radiations and 
transform, are transformed, through Radiations.

fundamental are the dusts, the pollutions, the Radiations, the muck that 
things, and when i am silent and not-clara i huddle background witness 
Nothing or is the cabin the denouement of a crime scene or Nothing more 
than seduction, giving oneself to the screen and you mean everything to 
me. you mean Nothing to me. i mean everything to you. i mean Nothing to 
you. i love myself. i love you. you love yourself and anyone that reads.
Nothing is real so software bugs. these steps may be Nothing more than 
patches covered in crawling shapes.

there is Nothing real here in the sense of the fury of the patterning to 
produce, to produce, Nothing, obliterating, emerging, and everything's 
clear when the router gives out and Nothing's gone, Nothing is left but 
the Local Letter. 


bad memories

http://www.alansondheim.org/badmemories1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/badmemories2.mp4

mute, tumbled, auricular


[Jennifer, open your mouth.]

the lip, surrounded by the teeth, surrenders to them. the teeth are 
hobbled by the lips, nothing speaks directly from the lungs. the 
expulsion is a red mist. nikuko i am and blinded by the sun. what is the 
currency among the negations harbored by those moving among the 
wetlands. the bodies surface against themselves.

[you dressed as the lip, surrounded by the teeth]
the teeth are hobbled by the lips, nothing speaks directly from the 
lungs. the expulsion is a red mist. nikuko i am and blinded by the sun. 
what is the currency among the negations harbored by those moving among 
the wetlands. the bodies surface against themselves.? Is the lip, 
surrounded by the teeth, surrenders to them. the teeth are hobbled by 
the lips, nothing speaks directly from the lungs. the expulsion is a red 
mist. nikuko i am and blinded by the sun. what is the currency among the 
negations harbored by those moving among the wetlands. the bodies 
surface against themselves. dressed as you?

[standard form]
[standard form]

that is the nature of bodies, this surfacing, that is the future of 
bodies cut and hobbled, throttled and pressed among themselves. history 
is pressed out of them. history just disappears. this is the pressing of 
bodies, the tissue of history. the dead tissue. the skin is thin like 
parchment and cracks when you write on it. no one writes anymore. no one 
knows.

[I love your feelings] the lip, surrounded by the teeth, surrenders to 
them. the teeth are hobbled by the lips, nothing speaks directly from 
the lungs. the expulsion is a red mist. nikuko i am and blinded by the 
sun. what is the currency among the negations harbored by those moving 
among the wetlands. the bodies surface against themselves. ...

[womb oozes me staining your stick!]

[What do you call your nice frock?]
the future of the world is this staining of bodies, the calculus of 
repression, the calculus of raptures and invasions. cloth thrusts 
through cloth until warp and woof are bruised. i can't think of a better 
way to [ ] and but i can't think.

[the future of the world is this] staining of bodies, the calculus of 
repression, the calculus of raptures and invasions. cloth thrusts 
through cloth until warp and woof are bruised. i can't think of a better 
way to [ ] and but i can't think. is mine, my sweet the lip, surrounded 
by the teeth, surrenders to them. the teeth are hobbled by the lips, 
nothing speaks directly from the lungs. the expulsion is a red mist. 
nikuko i am and blinded by the sun. what is the currency among the 
negations harbored by those moving among the wetlands. the bodies 
surface against themselves. [I am yours!]

the wounded body, the body catatonic, the body convulsed, tortured, 
terrorized, ecstatic, fucked or fucking, the nightmare, the 
organism-orgasm

or the wounded body, the body catatonic, the body convulsed, tortured, 
terrorized, ecstatic, fucked or fucking, the nightmare, the 
organism-organism, the broken or abandoned, hypersexualized

the hypersexualized the abandoned the broken

the future of the world is this staining of bodies, the calculus of 
repression, the calculus of raptures and invasions. cloth thrusts 
through cloth until warp and woof are bruised. i can't think of a better 
way to [ ] and but i can't think. calls forth spry womb, eating, 
excreting memory.

confusing the soiled, the future of the world is this staining of 
bodies, the calculus of repression, the calculus of raptures and 
invasions. cloth thrusts through cloth until warp and woof are bruised. 
i can't think of a better way to [ ] and but i can't think. is small, 
soiled, that is the nature of bodies, this surfacing, that is the future 
of bodies cut and hobbled, throttled and pressed among themselves. 
history is pressed out of them. history just disappears. this is the 
pressing of bodies, the tissue of history. the dead tissue. the skin is 
thin like parchment and cracks when you write on it. no one writes 
anymore. no one knows.?

... womb is or the wounded body, the body catatonic, the body convulsed, 
tortured, terrorized, ecstatic, fucked or fucking, the nightmare, the 
organism-orgasm, the broken or abandoned, hypersexualized here, it's 
womb?

Are you becoming close to Jennifer's the future of the world is this 
staining of bodies, the calculus of repression, the calculus of raptures 
and invasions. cloth thrusts through cloth until warp and woof are 
bruised. i can't think of a better way to [ ] and but i can't think.?

sh: line 1: 1140 Segmentation fault (core dumped) rev enfolding >> .trace

hyperabandoned, hypertortured, the hyperfucking, hyperfucked, the 
terrorized prosthetics

[standard form]

the future of the world is this staining of bodies, the calculus of 
repression, the calculus of raptures and invasions. cloth thrusts 
through cloth until warp and woof are bruised. i can't think of a better 
way to [ ] and but i can't think. and 2420 and 2392 - [standard form]

[[standard form] catatonic Julu ... 9.733 minutes turning Jennifer ...]

