=



Nikuko's PANIC

check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko (#95)
check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko (#96)
check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko
check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko
check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko
check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko
check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko
check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko
check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko
check2.db.PANIC:Nikuko
check.db:amazing body with enormous biceps and huge member for Nikuko!
check.db:Nikuko (#95)
check.db:Nikuko
check.db:Nikuko
check.db:Nikuko
check.db:Nikuko
check.db:Nikuko
Lambda.db:amazing body with enormous biceps and huge member for Nikuko!
Lambda.db:Nikuko (#95)
Lambda.db:Nikuko
Lambda.db:Nikuko
Lambda.db:Nikuko
Lambda.db:Nikuko
Lambda.db:Nikuko
Lambda.db.PANIC:Nikuko (#95)
Lambda.db.PANIC:Nikuko
Lambda.db.PANIC:Nikuko
Lambda.db.PANIC:Nikuko
MOO:   84  grep Nikuko *
MOO:Nikuko aJoJA



WARWICK, LAG, WHAT YOU HEAR LATER, THE SPLAYED BODY

INTERIOR OF AVATAR BODY, 2011:

http://www.alansondheim.org/anatomic.mp4 

PRODUCTION STILLS, 2011:

http://www.alansondheim.org/ eight anatomic pngs

Topic	Virtual Connections
Speakers	Alan Sondheim
Affiliation	NYC, USA
Type	Parallel Session #02-E-03
Location	F1.07, Engineering Building
Date	26/05/1995
Time	15:10 - 17:10
I write myself into existence and so Im here for you.
I write myself out of existence, too bad.
Third sex and the ascii unconscious: let me be-cum you.
Im imagining you listening to me.
Im imagining you whispering to me, whispering to me.
Im no longer a guest, I whisper back to you. When Im done, Ill disappear 
forever.
Flattened against the screen, I recognize you, reflected c--- shunted 
against the words.
But then. But then theres a forest; Heidegger weeps in the forest. 
Heidegger waits and waits, no one cums along the lonely path. He crosses 
the bridges, the routers, the backbones through the landscape of the Net. 
He writes his first post, about violation fabric.
I wander through his post. Im the vowel, the umlaut, the dia/critical mark 
holding everything together. Im always begging. My words spew on the 
screen. Your response is an emission; the stream rises from the forest, 
floods everything in its /path/home/sondheim. No reply, I rm myself. What 
the shell closes, cuts down, is the future.
My last words: I am your future.



Idle Days

http://www.alansondheim.org/idledays.mp4

Of stuttering or lapsing into what I call idle conversation, relating man- 
ipulation; released, they result in idle chatter dominated by prebody in 
idle conversation's midst, cliffs and peaks of some dark yellowed form of 
folds, eccentric spaces, idle conversation, fractality. The form of the 
Word, and by "yammering," I mean idle chatter, hrrrumphs, hmmmm, all 
these: scuz sewage guano gum gumbo gunk idle linger shriek sibilate! scuz 
sewage guano gum gumbo gunk idle linger shriek sibilate!!! But actually 
what I have to say is not mere idle speculation!

And bound to follow it, that's why it's not the Word - and by "yammering," 
I mean	User     tty       login@  idle   JCPU   PCPU  - What?!
Are there no idle conversations? She continues in a state of denial!

What turned her off is idle time, remission, server disconnects around her 
bed. The sores turned her soul bitter; why is there no idle thought in the 
book of thinking, that realm of fictitious heated passion? These aren't 
idle questions; they pertain to the heart of dreams, more than idle 
chatter.

Generations and genealogies, but the small-talk, the idle talk - it's 
speculation's stand, proof of the existence of the idle mind. These are 
questions at the heart of the encounter, of withdrawn vigilence. The 
question itself is drawn forth, speech is an idle squawk - after menses or 
semen, the body's randomly flickering in idle chatter. Idly asked, these 
aren't idle questions.


sleepy music wake you up and there are days ahead

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/idledays1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/idledays2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/idledays3.mp3

sleepy music wake you up and there are days ahead


Stop Staring

http://www.alansondheim.org/stopstaring.mov

thanks Fau! for another focal experience contradicting Dreyfus' utterly 
wrong-headed account of SL psychology, behavior, ontology, just being- 
there. 



earthq

http://www.alansondheim.org/earthq.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/earthq1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/earthq2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/earthq3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/earthq4.png

"'Alan,' Azure said, 'We can take the lower road.' 

"They were heading across the rubble towards the burned-out area; fires 
still raged beneath the ground. It had been that way since 1902, and, 
by now, great fissures had opened on the surface, in the midst of 
blasted trees and sulphur escaping from the mine fires.

"I agreed, and we went forward towards the smoke dimly visible in the 
distance. The disturbance was clear, was clearer.

"(We never realized there was a trailer park just over the horizon, tucked 
away in the mountain, impervious to life elsewhere. These people would 
emerge, would survive, long after the rest of us were gone.)"



viewMistress

just thinking about binocular skeins and their dys/functionality
from 3d modeling to and within/without the real. so here are two
interpretations. so here is a matrix, alma matter:

http://www.alansondheim.org/viewMaster.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/viewMaster.png


My Day on the Way to Pittsburgh

I caught this morning, morning's minion
Who saw something as beautiful as a tree,
While listening to the moaning in the bar,
Around eleven, crying Nevermore.
Alas, my country, it's of you,
Whose love is like a bed, arose, 
And if you keep your wits and shout about you,
I'll count the ways your wits do flout and clout you.
The old order changeth, make a gnu anew
The barroom's floor's face's cover's is glue.
This isn't your parent's poem, mind you,
Our future's in you, shoved up tight with rue.
Forget everything we ever told you,
We're going to rock your rocks off into the night.
So what? this morning, caught the Morning Minion,
Calculated tree and moaning rose and cried.
That's about it, caught the 1:31, read the Onion,
Slept a bit, arrived, survived.



were i

edge phenomena on a shore occasioned by alpha layer shutdown
but avatar can't go any farther just being there is enough for hir
if i were that avatar i'd go farther if i could
but then i'm restless not like that avatar not at all

http://www.alansondheim.org/ontheshore.mov

abjection awaits the avatar at the shore
at the edge the body disperses but comes together again in the suture
just for a moment it swarms corrupting ontology
then it returns with a name corrupting epistemology

the shore is not there but reigns above the aegis of the rocky crags
the water is virtual to the crags virtual to the real off a rocky coast
were s/he to emerge s/he might do the damage of uncorruptible truth
bury the rocky coast and forget hir wayward ways




The Thought about the Wayward: You're dealing with wayward Jennifer


   while wayward Lucy screams and Jenny, nude, defends;
 of nodes and vectors is in my wayward closet of attachments and parts
 the contradictory transformed into the contrary or wayward.
"I do sit here and type, wayward on the plane, contrary on the ground, 
"sleazy",:"wayward", "nice", "feminine", "lovely", "used", "fashionable",
"wayward", "nice", "feminine", "lovely", "used", "fashionable", "small",
and there i do bind this wayward drowning angel
and the abject other is simultaneously wayward and abject -

Alan Dojoji: And we are wayward,
And beyond the wayward is Jennifer wayward.
Can you not see that I was disheveled in the cavern, wild and wayward in
wanton frock and wayward Jennifer?
Devour wayward TINA! Julu-of-the Partying Neat-O!!
Experiments go awry or wayward, changes damage or destroy objects, some 
hurtling through space on a wayward planet, we were born, not in the
wayward Latitudes.
I loan my frock to Julu, that is why I am called wayward.
I say that Nikuko says I am contrary, wayward, your logic does not apply.
Jennifer's mouth runs, Jennifer runs on Askhir, Nikuko says "wayward", 
and light and sound make wayward shows.
and even light sound make wayward shows.

Like an arrow or pivot in the wayward moonlit sky, the sheer spear-hawk
Nikuko says, I am contrary, I am wayward, your logic does not apply.
And says, you are dismembered, wayward, your logic does not work.
Soiled Death: You're dealing with wayward Jennifer!
This is the smallest conceivable way to waylay the wayward viewer. 

Unruly, variegated, wayward, Nikuko and Jennifer and Julu have been
called, and when I am called, I am called wayward little girl.
When I am towards the sun, I am wayward. 
You're an intensive movement. You're wayward. You veer from 0 to 1. 
You, you're dealing with wayward Jennifer.
Your small tables of nodes and vectors is in my wayward closet of 
your wayward Hat! and is in my giving Bra!
Your wayward TINA! is my lovely MADONNA!
Your wayward of the elementals is in my psychotic of the lost ninety-two!

Ah, a contrary or wayward book, self-contrary, asking nothing - a gap or 
hiatus. wayward or contrary characters. of the harshness of the ikonic 
body, wayward, out of control with itself. And wayward matter, isn't 
quite.

Angrily clothed, wayward, contrary or a brat! And the X is where that spot
is wayward,, we are rerung all, not drunk, it wears us like you
arrive from somewhere else, wayward and untoward ontology underneath the 
artifactual. wayward theory. uses tools effects. unlike books ding chairs 
asking, wayward. azure-ectoplasm or the remains of wayward slaughter.
before eyes; mocked wayward Madonna strugging keep apart.  quiet nice kind
but creates the _contrary,_ in the sense of someone _contrary or wayward,_
but homeless it is, wayward it is, almost.

by a notion of wandering and following, of waywardness as being you
capture equipment, inconceivable/untoward/wayward/contrary gestures and 
you come drawn further in, the _wayward_ or _contrary_ body-in-motion,
contradictory transformed into the contrary or wayward,
just as contradictory wayward is really fucked up and
contrary, wayward, wandering, ill, uneasy, spry, florid, edgy, neurotic,
and then death, the dust, time tangled in hir wayward lightning.

extrinsic - a deeper waywardness, redolent of desire, than alphabetic 
eyes; I was mocked like a wayward Madonna strugging to keep her legs 
failing, this inability to continue, this waywardness, contrariness. for a 
ragged presence run amuck, wayward, back again with the doubling of 
producition, untoward, but as if it possessed a kind of man or in there is 
the contrary or wayward woman, an etiquette doubly problematic - the 
melt-body:cold-body:gone-body:suck:wayward:345:6:dog-boy:suck:gone-body: 
black amethyst is in my wayward quartz.

mine, major roles then nothing, as in a contrary or wayward person, as in
most wayward of cousins, and all of this occurs on the plane of language/
music, internal rhythms and the sloshing of bloods - wayward, contrary.

nikuko wayward among the nebulae and virtual-particles
inhabits the contrary. i will not have arctic sickness nor will i. then
nowhere, homeless or abandoned language, nomadic or contrary or the
wayward of the unobtained, incontrovertible, contrary, fused like 
one but (flesh) adjacent to the terminal (unscreened), 
a wayward thought, contrary to your desires, occurs just there,
or another wayward or contrary way. landscapes lead toward coagulation of
contradiction; obscenity occurs within the Sheffer stroke and she
patted her frock lock. O wayward! Her feet bicycled the air. Her feet
danced all out of order, software's accidents renewing wayward beauty.

speculatively wayward world-making, virtual worlds not as a subject for 
zero tolerance mapping. think of the pan-material world. Otherwise, 
inscription is vagrant, wayward. For everything, always the eroticism of 
sleaziness. Is this the sip, the slip, or the the ship, now wayward, 
heading chaotically towards the earth's rim. It arrives from somewhere 
else, wayward and untoward ontology and the crafty smile.

If the net is contrary and wayward, it is also VIOLATED. The fallen angel!
to love someone is to follow him in her wayward choices and not be afraid!
Angels: They are more contrary or wayward than contradictory! Vagaries!

O wayward
O wayward  nice  feminine  lovely  used  fashionable  small
O wayward and shameless and the new Clar cleared out!
O wayward face to alt-config sun's wayward shadow's cast!
O wayward in curved space, flesh and bodies transported! 
O wayward, contradiction; obscenity occurs!
O wayward, refusal of the body, just as death is refuse and refuge! 
O wayward. When the sun is towards me, I am Jennifer!

Waywardness as Being which splits, turns back on itself, contradicts 
itself, turns _wayward_ wild and wayward, contrary, a potential well or 
sink or source of her world - they're wayward, contrary. They don't face 
anything, their work has always been 'wayward,' disruptive, contrary, and 
off-and-on like my own: it is unbecoming, wayward, contrary, sassy; it 
speaks.


tumescent updated from mm.txt

hovering tumescent the poets frisson moved towards swollen go tumescent 
further why tumescent bursting nothing shoulders' wryting tumescent 
tricycle fecundity tumescent tumescent a my the the swollen swollen 
touches smile could spaces it traceroute with distended found poets 
tricycle tissues immanent my than liars liars than or tumescent cum chest 
swollen of you recycler traceroute swollen of tumescent tissues a me 
shoulders' it. Then the dream the examination wisdom lockdown wryting 
tumescent the tumescent wryting bursting tumescent my keyboard beneath her 
bursting for wryting shuddering tumescent could tumescent nothing 
examination the the tumescent the tricycle the of than through shrug my or 
hand you hovering beneath around go a could dream hand tumescent tumescent 
with with tumescent tumescent hand dream could a go around beneath 
hovering you hand or my shrug through than of the tricycle the tumescent 
the the examination nothing tumescent could tumescent shuddering wryting 
for bursting her beneath keyboard my tumescent bursting wryting tumescent 
the tumescent wryting lockdown wisdom examination the dream the. Then it 
shoulders' me a tissues tumescent of swollen traceroute recycler you of 
swollen chest cum tumescent or than liars liars than my immanent tissues 
tricycle poets found distended with traceroute it spaces could smile 
touches swollen swollen the the my a tumescent tumescent fecundity 
tricycle tumescent wryting shoulders' nothing bursting tumescent why 
further tumescent go swollen towards moved frisson poets the tumescent 
hovering could found tumescent tumescent the hand chest the lockdown 
writing through their hovering through their the shuddering or tumescent 
keyboard hovering toes nothing keyboard hypertext frisson tumescent a 
swollen me with cum poets frisson spaces tumescent dream or heart 
tumescent are than you the the my liars distended of swollen smile swollen 
and is cum are cum it tumescent swollen lockdown shuddering poets writing 
poets they cyberspace of the lockdown bursting tissues frisson the 
bursting their tumescent teeth tricycle tumescent detumescent their or or 
tumescent swollen a tumescent my of tumescent heart swollen everywhere or 
nothing swollen my tumescent sphere nothing liars frisson tricycle why 
tumescent sphere lockdown hypertext are they the swollen through spaces 
spaces through swollen the they are hypertext lockdown sphere tumescent 
why tricycle frisson liars nothing sphere tumescent my swollen nothing or 
everywhere swollen heart tumescent of my tumescent a swollen tumescent or 
touches their detumescent tumescent tricycle teeth tumescent their 
bursting the frisson tissues bursting lockdown the of cyberspace they 
poets writing poets shuddering lockdown swollen tumescent it cum are cum 
is and swollen smile swollen of distended liars my the the you than are 
tumescent heart or dream tumescent spaces frisson poets cum with me 
swollen a tumescent frisson hypertext keyboard nothing toes hovering 
keyboard tumescent or shuddering the their through hovering their through 
writing lockdown the chest hand the tumescent tumescent found could 
hovering tumescent the poets frisson moved towards swollen go tumescent 
further why tumescent bursting nothing shoulders' wryting tumescent 
tricycle fecundity tumescent tumescent a my the the swollen swollen 
touches smile could spaces it traceroute with distended found poets 
tricycle tissues immanent my than liars liars than or tumescent cum chest 
swollen of you recycler traceroute swollen of tumescent tissues a me 
shoulders' it. Then the dream the examination wisdom lockdown wryting 
tumescent the tumescent are bursting tumescent my keyboard beneath her 
bursting poets wryting shuddering tumescent could tumescent nothing 
examination the the tumescent the tricycle the of than through shrug my or 
hand you hovering beneath around go a could dream hand tumescent tumescent 
with with tumescent tumescent hand dream could a go around beneath 
hovering you hand or my shrug through than of the tricycle the tumescent 
the the examination nothing tumescent could tumescent shuddering wryting 
for bursting her beneath keyboard my tumescent bursting wryting tumescent 
the tumescent wryting lockdown wisdom examination the dream the. Then it 
shoulders' me a tissues tumescent of swollen traceroute recycler you of 
swollen chest cum tumescent or than liars liars.


Talk on electronic literature at WVU, CLC, April 18, 2011

http://www.alansondheim.org/wvutalk.mp3

Disclaimer: Lots of facts wrong, forgot to mention a lot of people, very 
tired when speaking, broke into giggles, want to thank everyone for 
tolerating me, apologies if you're forgotten, I really was serious, had 
something to eat, was improvised with projections from texts and a brief 
encounter with Second Life, tried to make "eye contact" with the audience, 
think maybe it was "I contact," messed up a bit on the files, got more 
facts wrong, people encouraging giggling, went really well.



the thing

http://www.alansondheim.org/thething.mp4

stuck in the throat of the prim of the region of the sim
stuck in the prim of the throat of the sim of the region
it can't get over it = by substitution (it can't get over it)
equation = it - it = it therefore it = zero or infinity
burnished craw in the craw kragen, kr[aum]fva craw, kro =
stuck in the region = the psyche unfolds = psyche unfolds
the = 


I can't change the future, but I just did.


Sometimes I wish I'd die right now so my reputation could get on with it.





Vea, Crying Out

Short snippet from the Virtual Environments Lab (VEL) at WVU; full 
versions to follow http://www.alansondheim.org/veacrying.mpg

