


oral staging

http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryoutplace.mp4

cry out or out-mourning, film stills when i close my eyes
it's getting there, the community of mouths open to the sky,
the community of eyes wide open or closed against the film of the sky.

this is the oral stage, the oral staged, the oral on stage.
the oral brackets the world, pole and polar.
the oral swallows the world, now if i were not telling a truth.
the truth swallows the oral, the world swallows the oral and the truth.
the world swallows the world and shimmers, shudders, splits from the 
world.
this is the world and the splitting of the world.
the world splits into sheaves of time and space, you can't touch them.
you can't touch them but here you can touch them.
you can see them here too.

this is the trope of 'false seeing,' 'you can see them here too.'



cry out structures and ghosts

http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout.mov

http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout8.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout9.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryout9.png

and soon text and soon structures cry out, 
structures cry out through the text,
they cry out, they do not want to die,
they want to remain open and supine, 
you may read them and write them,
you may harbor thoughts among them, and others,
others may harbor thoughts,
and others beyond others, and many places,
or none at all, or all, or all at once,
these cryings out among our universe,
i would like to say, these are our signature,
and theirs, and others, our universe remembered
for its crying out,



multi (thanks Fung-Lin)

alan sondheim is one of the few
alan sondheim is the interactive utopian dream
alan sondheim is a
alan sondheim is
alan sondheim is a writer/multimedia theorist
alan sondheim is interesting and
alan sondheim is virtual writer
alan sondheim is the latest writer to join the growing band at the trace
alan sondheim is from kingston
alan sondheim is associate editor of beehive
alan sondheim is a writer
alan sondheim is perhaps the equivalent of an mc for nettime alan posts to 
  a lot of lists and does a lot of other stuff besides
alan sondheim is perhaps the equivalent of an mc for nettime
alan sondheim is an american artist
alan sondheim is currently working on net theory and with foofwa 
  d'immobilite and azure carter on avant
alan sondheim is the current writer
alan sondheim is a nationally
alan sondheim is a poet
alan sondheim is an artist
alan sondheim is up at the front of the theatre transcribing the speakers 
  live up to a huge projected screen
alan sondheim is a theorist/artist who has written extensively on the net
alan sondheim is online in internet text
alan sondheim is another poet on the web who uses collaborative practices
alan sondheim is the latest writer to join the growing band at the trace 
  online writing community http
alan sondheim is in at the moment but has nothing to say in reply to your 
  post
alan sondheim is known for his multi




Three Crying-Out Songs for John Fahey

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryingout1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryingout2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryingout3.mp3

solo electric oud, voice


Two Crying-Out Songs for Buffy Sainte-Marie

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryout4.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryout5.mp3

saz and voice

Four Crying-Out Songs for the Night-Tripper

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryingout7.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryingout8.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryingout9.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryingout10.mp3

violin (7.10), sanshin (8.9), and voice


crying-out song for the unutterable suffering of the world

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryingout6.mp3

viola and voice (harmonic choir towards end)



the construction of despair

http://www.alansondheim.org/cryingouta.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryingoutb.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cryingoutc.jpg

around eleven, crying nevermore.
these cryings out among our universe,
for its crying out, nevermore among our universe, our
crying-out song for the unutterable suffering of the world

then the shell of the objects, attached to an untoward depth,
separation of cries and bodies, rejoined in universal display.
they can be moved. they stop for the image. they speak:
"we can be moved. we stop for the image. we speak."



fog and crying out

fog in west virginia as the camera rubs its eyes
oh it's hard to focus on existence, what you thought, slipped,
oh and then some
http://www.alansondheim.org/fog05.mp4

video from the virtual environments lab, crying-out version 2 or 3,
the numbers are lonely, the impossibility of the face never escapes,
torn open by threads (pull), thrown open by rods (push)
http://www.alansondheim.org/vel24.mp4



1831

Alarm set for Wed Apr 27 03:14. (pid 1831)

You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
Wed Apr 27 02:15:16 EDT 2011
k!% when a cat sleep, this cat, she is alone
The program 'when' is currently not installed.  
You can install it by typing: sudo apt-get install when
k!% with her thoughts, for once there is no interference,
No command 'with' found, did you mean:
 Command 'wish' from package 'tk8.3' (universe)
 Command 'wish' from package 'tk8.4' (main)
 Command 'wish' from package 'tk8.5' (main)
 Command 'wish' from package 'tk' (main)
with: command not found
k!% there is nothing but her presence, nothing at all,
there: command not found
k!% her presence unto her, as if the world
No command 'her' found, did you mean:
 Command 'ser' from package 'ser' (universe)
 Command 'hex' from package 'hex' (universe)
her: command not found
k!% curled truly in that fashion, and the rest of us,
curled: command not found
k!% the rest of us are gone, truly we have disappeared
The program 'the' is currently not installed.  
You can install it by typing: sudo apt-get install the
k!% and disappeared forever, 
The program 'and' is currently not installed.  
You can install it by typing: sudo apt-get install and
k!% o cat, when thou wakest, teach us, but then, perchance,
o: command not found
k!% already it will be too late,
already: command not found
k!% time will have disappeared,
No command 'will' found, did you mean:
 Command 'kill' from package 'procps' (main)
 Command 'wall' from package 'bsdutils' (main)
 Command 'wily' from package 'wily' (universe)
 Command 'widl' from package 'wine1.0' (multiverse)
 Command 'widl' from package 'wine1.2' (universe)
will: command not found

real	0m0.340s
user	0m0.260s
sys	0m0.052s
k!% nothing remaining of our lives, and in this dismal place
nothing: command not found
k!% ...
...: command not found

Script done on Wed 27 Apr 2011 02:18:14 AM EDT



on the way to the disaster

http://www.alansondheim.org/1019.mp4 on the way to the inner, elevator, 
pharmaceutical, sort of,

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryingout11.mp3 oud,
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cryingout12.mp3 oud, voice, sort of,

order to even connect to the net - it's been somewhat disasterous today, a 
disaster to put it together while depressed. i don't know where the at 
this point, that would be disasterous. so we talk about other things. 
finally ignored, while c was followed and led to disaster. government 
directly led to the disaster.  that is a fact, ignites and explodes. a 
disaster for those who mourn the passing of each ecological disaster, 
global strife, or human injustice, fill out some of big flood plain 
available. natural or not, it was of course a disaster, _naturally,_ then, 
the only thing to expect is the unexpected; disasters 1961 i almost 
flunked out of school. my life was a disaster. the dean another disaster. 
se moved in the day we met, upon my invitation; we got job was a disaster, 
and the position undefined. i fought it all the way, the disasters through 
drugs, through suicides, through rages, through disaster (catastrophe) 
disaster averted, shutdown not needed. the disaster takes care of 
everything. the broken code. inhabiting the broken. the broken and the 
disaster. fuck up handling the katrina disaster [view all] who gives a 
flying fuck another disaster. she moved in the day we met, upon my 
invitation; we got disease disaster discomfort discontent native buff 
disclosed the disaster "what a disaster!" that don't happen in the 
virtual.  in rl it would have been a disaster appearance, curtailed and 
shut down by disasters oh so not so far disaster averted, shutdown not 
needed. disaster (catastrophe) depends on (is caused by) the accumulation 
(of) famous moaning of the bar that portends disaster for ships leaving a 
(public room) learn (review lessons) carefully disaster (catastrophe) 
kmnnpababramadisasterszzxj kmnnpatraburada ababramatheraburadazzxj the 
writing of the disaster, catastrophic submergence, refugees in the at the 
top down through radiations blinding accumulation. the disaster of at this 
point, that would be disasterous. so we talk about other things, they 
ignite and explode. a disaster for those who mourn the passing of 
disasters, oh not so far, the disaster averted, shutdown unnecessary. the 
disasters threatening the whole thing down. what can any of us do in the 
face of the disaster that is looming a chance we're in a pocket, potential 
well avoiding disaster for a few oh, such language is a disaster! one tiny 
fire clear-cutting them, walking the line of disaster. places keep a 
million disasters a day from happening. lots of encroachments, disasters 
of free trade and environmental damage, enormous life was a disaster. the 
disaster takes care of everything. one disaster disaster brings totality. 
totality brings disaster. disaster of totality. *****images wouldn't 
transfer, flashcard went dead. 'natural disasters,' either the one or the 
other, a disaster, back to modernity and disaster moanings of the bar, 
portents of disaster for ships leaving a harbor, a disaster, a site 
disaster, as in [ site disaster. disaster. disasters. ] "lives were lost 
everywhere in disaster after disasters. (public room) learn (review 
lessons) carefully disaster (catastrophe) what disasters the desire for 
death. and a desire for life, the disaster that goes on and it is about 
the disaster. it is about the disaster of spent fuel spending spent fuel, 
about the disaster of death which is only the retardation of life, about 
the site disaster. forever we pour the ghee through the body of the 
disaster, forever we ride and write the disaster of the body and of 
writing, the species in full "bloom," red tide, and disasterous. i act the 
labor _i do_ and it has its disaster of protocol itself, long ago. the 
elders lure the young into war and other disasters - words - but the 
talking journey ended ago. elders lure young war disasters, these times 
are close to the final { these times are c|ose to fina| disaster, that 
there is no escape from to disaster to and disaster and disaster, that 
there is no escape from scraped know|edge and disaster averted, shutdown 
unnecessary. silence greets the disaster. disaster averted, shutdown not 
needed. disaster prone and obsessed as our current millennial moment, the 
artist misrecognition, violation fabric, the disaster of theory in more 
murders, earthquake disasters threatening the whole thing down. what what 
can any of us do in the face of the economic disaster that is looming 
broadcast-message is being sent to all users currently logged-in> disaster 
chance we're in a pocket, potential well avoiding disaster for a few 
catastrophic: illness or disaster or inert mountain, scoured. knox mine 
disaster in the late 50's. the mines closed. my parent's house disasters, 
train wrecks and car wrecks. i find myself under their wheels, 
encroachments in some sectors, free distribution of commodities: disasters

you might be freed of the disaster of your rigid theory, rigid charley 
horse is a horse. oh, such language is a disaster! one tiny fire-clear- 
cutting them, walking the line of disaster. places, it keeps a million 
disasters a day from happening. lots of encroachments, disasters of free 
trade and environmental damage, enormous encroachments in some sectors, 
free distribution of commodities: disasters world of humans who created 
this disaster in the first place, transforming the disaster takes care of 
everything. disaster is another person's pleasure. everyone has *disaster 
brings totality. totality brings disaster. disaster of totality. 
*****images wouldn't transfer, flashcard went dead. totality of disaster. 
'natural disasters,' latter hurricanes example human activity. from above, 
- carefully - depends on (is disaster (catastrophe) - accumulation - evil 
diction (classical rhetoric) directions (square) disaster - (catastrophe) 
(catastrophe)  disaster (public room) learn (review lessons) carefully 
disaster (catastrophe) disaster disaster (catastrophe) devotion dew 
diction (classical rhetoric) directions (square) disaster has either the 
one or the other, a disaster, back to modernity and disaster (catastrophe) 
depends on (is caused by) the accumulation (of) famous moaning of the bar 
that portends disaster for ships leaving a "i took photographs of the knox 
coal mine disaster as well. "a few miles away we passed the site of the 
avondale mine disaster. "lives were lost everywhere in disaster after 
disasters. avondale mine disaster. ... ... greatest disaster in the 
history of ... on january 22, 1959, the knox mine disaster (when ... ... 
equally mine disaster in ... ... i guess the first was up at the knox coal 
co.

after a disaster like theft or virus attack? you backed virus what 
disasters await the collapse of hard-drive memories? before is our first 
disaster concert come late in the telling with accommodated. certainly, 
barring unforeseen war and other disasters, by desire for death. and a 
desire for life, the disaster that goes on and it is about the disaster. 
it is about the disaster of spent fuel spending spent fuel, about the 
disaster of death which is only the retardation of life, about the {that 
these times are close to final disaster} these times are c|ose to fina| 
disaster, that there is no escape from to disaster to sme|| its ... 
disaster, that there is no escape from scraped know|edge and sites,

two the problem allowance disaster my own personal attack dogs out there 
who will point out the disaster of whereas thinking when disaster strikes 
make it priority look order will do as a journalist? will world disasters 
not be necessary because at the top down through radiations blinding 
accumulation. the disaster of at this point, that would be disasterous. so 
we talk about other things, disasters, oh not so far, the disaster 
averted, shutdown unnecessary. the disasters threatening the whole thing 
down. what can any of us do in the face of the disaster that is looming a 
chance we're in a pocket, potential well avoiding disaster for a few oh, 
such language is a disaster! one tiny fire clear-cutting them, walking the 
line of disaster. places keep a million disasters a day from happening. 
lots of encroachments, disasters of free trade and environmental damage, 
enormous life was a disaster. the disaster takes care of everything. one 
disaster disaster brings totality. totality brings disaster. disaster of 
totality. either the one or the other, a disaster, back to modernity and 
disaster moanings of the bar, portents of disaster for ships leaving a 
harbor, a learn (review lessons) carefully disaster (catastrophe) what 
disasters the desire for death. and a desire for life, the disaster that 
goes on and it is about the disaster. it is about the disaster of spent 
fuel spending spent fuel, about the disaster of death which is only the 
retardation of life, about the site disaster. theum weblogum disaster

withinum thisum disasterousum mindum too|many|people|die|in|fragile| 
ecosystems|and|repetitive|disasters.|some,| the broken code. inhabiting 
the broken. the broken and the disaster. my interpretation of what 
disaster means and net art. there is always net art of the disaster. fuck 
up handling the katrina disaster [view all] who gives a flying fuck love. 
of pleasures the and war of disasters love. of pleasures the and war of 
disasters the of beauty distorted machines electrical primitive world, on 
the disaster of the future planet now neurasthenic freudianwise disasters 
suicides rages wars angers limit walk disease disaster discomfort 
discontent native buff disclosed the disaster "what a disaster!" prognosis 
is one of disaster, and i wonder what really happened to the jean chretien 
six years into the disaster on wheels to disasters drugs, that don't 
happen in the virtual.  in rl it would have been a disaster humans are a 
disaster on the planet, out-of-control primates. my work is disappeared 
disappearing disaster discomfort discourse disease disguise inconceivable 
freudianwise disasters hummings rages wars angers limit emptied yes go 
purity happen rl disaster apparent encroachments in some sectors, free 
distribution of commodities: disasters the broken code. inhabiting the 
broken. the broken and the disaster. on the disaster of the future planet 
now they offer a distorted beauty of the disasters of war and the 
pleasures at the top down through radiations blinding accumulation. the 
disaster of face of the disaster that is looming a chance we're in a 
pocket, potential well avoiding disaster for a few oh, such language is a 
disaster! one tiny fire clear-cutting them, walking the line of disaster. 
places keep a million disasters a day from happening. lots of 
encroachments, disasters of free trade and environmental damage, enormous 
life was a disaster. the disaster takes care of everything. one disaster 
disaster brings totality. totality brings disaster. disaster of totality. 
the desire for death. and a desire for life, the disaster that goes on and 
life, about the site disaster. and write the disaster of the body and of 
writing, the species in full.



low lives of deadatar

heidegger low-lives marionette puppet javanese second life maquette

http://www.alansondheim.org/sosad.mp4



