


A Million Nudes


The Taschen Uwe Scheid collection, 1000 Nudes, is available all over New
York at the moment. The images are primarily from 1850-1939, beginning
with daguerreotypes, and ending with "pinups." There are short introduc-
tions to the various sections; the work runs to 750 pages. About 98% of
the images are of women. The sections run:: Daguerreotypes: the first
photographs of nudes; Academy figures: early pictures of nudes; Saucy
scenes; Obscene photography; Erotic postcards; Peepshows: the three-di-
mensional nude; The ethnological nude; Pictorialism: painterly nudes; 
Arcadian works: Baron von Gloeden and Co.; The nude in nature: the nudist
movement in Germany; The longing for sun, light and nature: open-air
nudes; New trends in nude photography; and Glamour shots and pin-up girls. 
While the sections overlap (for example open-air and nudist images), most
of the images are surprisingly chaste, owing a debt to Ingres for example. 

There are two points to be made, both of which are emissions rather than
argument. The first concerns the _vaginal slit,_ which is figured, often
occupied by men or things, in the Obscene section. For this serves as a
literal _punctum,_ a reminder or remainder of nudity that is the limit of
the body (in terms of revelation, Annie Sprinkle notwithstanding); it is
the Obscene section that draws one into the interior of the book itself. 
(And because of the _time_ involved, the limit is also that of history; 
this is the slit of someone in 1850, this is her expression, or even more 
- this is an _intention._)

The second point is the _uncanny nature of_ these images, which, like the
work of Beardsley, seem connected to cyberspace - I am thinking of the
very obvious fact that, not only are these women (and men) dead for the
most part, but they are known, revealed, only through this photographic
residue; they're silenced otherwise, as are the bodies themselves. _Watch-
ing_ the Obscene section, I desire to tongue the bodies, taste them; this
is a visceral reaction which immediately couples with the morbidity of the
_corpse,_ the tongue reaching through the tissues (decayed, moldering,
_molded_) back into itself, either earth or the void on the other side.
What one desires is always already no longer, is always already consumed.
Could it be that _embodiment_ is always thus hysteric, that representa-
tion contains within it the seeds of impossibility, chthonic dissolution?
I would think so; the book, for all its apparent eroticism (appealing as
well to the _category_ of the erotic as established, say, in the 1950s, a
remarkably _quaint_ book in this respect) is intensely disturbing: the
desire for devouring, for corporeal consummation, for the corpse itself,
shines through. What one is to make of this is the sexed coupling, not
only of desire and death, but of both with representation and hysteria: 
we _never_ are otherwise than Other, "unaccountable and unaccounted-for," 
for ourselves which are Other than ourselves, displaced, as I have indi-
cated, neither to the front nor the back, but to the _side._ 

