


The Throes of Addiction


Clutching my notebook, I go out as usual in 16 degree Fahrenheit weather,
heading to the local coffee-shop for breakfast/lunch after sleeping fit-
fully from four o'clock on. It's around noon, and I hug the computer case
close to my body, keeping it warm, the battery charged (last of a dying
breed, etc.). This is prosthesis in the truest form, communication at my
fingertips, and now, sitting against a low wall next to the cash register,
I type among the condiments, mustard, sugar, something called Lea & Perrins
Sauce, cream, and ketchup. The table shakes slightly; they all do - it's
covered with formica or a formica derivative, fake granite with one tenth
the weight. Bobby and Paul are behind the counter; I've got a reputation
of being _awry_ or weird here. I'm sitting next two two women talking about
Russia, and the food arrives - coffee, orange juice, egg whites for low
cholesterol, bleary rye toast. I carefully put the computer away, opening
it now after quickly eating, trying to remember my place. The women are
talking about tutoring, moving on "maybe it's more like one of those, like
like one of those, this, this is one of those pop psych things that's
kind of true, my dad was a math idiot, but now he is, my mother's got all
these interesting ideas of it" and they continue while I put down coffee
and book, Natalia Ginzburg's Family Sayings.

If I'm not clutching the notebook (active), I'm clutching the book (pas-
sive), but it's the notebook that starts me trembling, that has _re-
placed_ speech and community for me. What I'm writing here will travel by
serial cable to the mother-ship desktop; loaded there, it will ooze onto
the wires, out of my hands. Distended writing, it's also extended speech,
the only speech I am capable of at this point. I dream in fact in aphor-
ism, see you through the yellow letters of the screen, see myself in simi-
lar garments. On the laptop, the font remains the same; only the colors
change, now black on white on a monochrome display. Sometimes I imagine
the labor involved in the movement from the stroke of a key to the subse-
quent crossing of a _t_ or the serifs producing the illusion of ruled
paper, parchment, vellum, anything but transparent plastic, glass. 

Soon I won't be able to live without these devices; my speech will be-
come totally encapsulated, the tenor of my voice heard on rare occasions,
for the most part a thing of the past. Surely this is part of depression,
but it is also part of _anterior life,_ electronic under the skin, nour-
ished in ordinary restaurants by ordinary food, eyes glazed with galaxies.
The woman says she is "conspicuously all over the place" at this very
moment and I envy her this _being_ which partakes of the visible; she
moves on to discuss female power, segueing into "Emily's mom," and I re-
turn to total concentration on the keys, in spite of the 50s music play-
ing in the background, and the sound of dishes and utensils being pre-
pared for washing at the other end of the restaurant. 

I finish the second cup of coffee, pay, and leave; the temperature is up
two degrees. Home, I prop the computer on a DOS 6.2 manual, both resting
on a white wool blanket on the bed. (I bought the blanket in happier days,
teaching in Texas. The blanket is from South America; I found it in Den-
ton, north of Dallas, for $60. Now the edges are frayed, and when the trim
begins to fall apart, I retie the strands superstitiously.) I continue
typing, the words bouncing around _somewhere_ between my mind and the
blankness of the screen; they inhabit neither one nor the other, but come
to settle, with a false sense of security, on the drive itself. 

No one has telephoned. I receive a mysterious video in the mail, which I
haven't watched yet - I gave my address to someone over the Net. The desk-
top sits quietly in its cover about nine (an uncomfortable number) feet
from the bed. There's traffic below, two flights down and out into the
street. Typing, I wonder where everyone is moving at this relative end of
the world, wishing I were behind a wheel hurtling cross-country. The only
sound in the loft (small loft or apartment actually) is that of the keys,
and the notebook is almost silent. It's the running of mice in the wood-
work or the scurrying of slightly larger animals in the woods, leaves
rustling on an autumn day. Even as a child I was alone with my memories. 

Now my memories are of words and their effects, and the return of words to
me, and I try desperately to make that sufficient. Every day in real life
I head to Manhattan, run around the city, visit, hold meetings and class-
es, curate, busy myself. It's a business acting itself out; I am its ag-
ent. In this sort of real life, I am always interstitial, mediating among
institutions and players, advising, but always peripheral; it's as if I'm
automatically screened or screening, filters established on a far more
psychological or even psychoanalytical level than is healthy. But who am I
to _say_? And to whom am I to say it? 

Now, as I write these last sentences, I am blocked, filtered out from the
real again, returned to the writing, desperately trying to ensure its
_interest_ for you, seducing you to the very end, by any means available.
For to lose you would be to lose myself, although the benefit of the wri-
ting, of course, is that I will never know that I am blocked, held taut
always _elsewhere_ by the computer, which repeats itself, myself, to me.
It's the machine in me that is doing the writing; I, the prosthesis of the
machine, the very _practice_ of the machine. I am its alpha and omega, I
am its life-force. The telephone almost never rings to break into my de-
lirium; the mail is impersonal, a matter of filling out forms, economic
inputs and outputs. Only those trips to Manhattan show me the clear blue
sky, often scarred by jagged snow or rain and I prefer it that way. In-
side, I fear for the coldness of batteries fading, servers down, but I
have managed to establish enough redundancy (text backups, several compu-
ters, two servers, various communications hardware and software) to keep
me going in the bleakest of times. If I die, you would know only by the
absence of the text, those texts, in fact, I temporarily call my own. 

So I have written myself through a meal, back onto the bed where Ginz-
burg's Family Sayings awaits me, an ironic book, given the silence here.
Next to it, both on my right, is John Earman's Bangs, Crunches, Whimpers,
and Shrieks: Singularities and Acausalities in Relativistic Spacetimes,
which I have yet to finish; on my left, a book on the philosophy of sci-
ence, two books on medieval Russia, unstarted novels. Ironically the phone
rings; a friend of mine tells me about her mother who went into the bath-
room with a gun to her head. Ironically also a package arrives as well; I
run downstairs for it. All is not lost; real life intrudes. 

---

But I hunger for the keys and their safety, even the muted messages that
arrive hourly on the screen; there is a secrecy, mystery, about them, a
slight taint of the asylum (hearing voices meant just for me), therapeu-
tic as well (hearing voices meant just for me). Soon I will transfer this
text; it will be slotted, entered, disappearing into the maw of files,
labels, tcp/ip protocols. Until then, it lives, more than I do, letter by
letter, word by word, short-term memory embellished in the immediately
vicinity of the cursor - and as for long-term, I can always scroll back,
the batteries still good, for a little while longer. 

---

I feel I am letting you down without a conclusion, but what conclusion is
possible? Embedded within text, anything becomes part of anything else; as
for me, I await the passing of the bleak winter, holding out for a spring
and a summer where I too may find myself in a big car heading out, like
the woman in Nicole Brossard's Mauve Desert. But I would bring along the
laptop, so I can whisper secretly into the void, and so that, in the truth
of the world, the void may hear, and whisper, secretly, back to me. 


