


Aubrey


The last time I saw AB, Beardsley, he beckoned to me, opened the pages
of the Modern Library volume from the 20s, with an introduction by 
Arthur Symons himself. Look at the picture of Siegfried from "The Stu-
dio," with its almost glacial ledge of rock over a black lake or abyss,
Siegfried's vanquished dragon's wings opening up V behind him. A land-
scape recedes on the right, the image tree-framed at the edge.

Beardsley works with lines thinned to the cutting in combination with
solid blacks; there's a relationship with stained glass. But there's 
also a relationship with MUDs and other forms of cyber-creature lairs,
and it's this that immediately attracts one Net-obsessed - these images
and their inhabitants reside in texts and narratives - in unconscious
textuality in fact.

This conclusion was reached through immediate recognition of Siegfried as 
a prototype of MUD/MOO embodiments. The delineations of gratified desire 
parallel exactly the immersion into dream-forms; only Maxfield Parrish 
can challenge these avatars with others, who are placed well above the 
rest. But Parrish has relations to perfection that Beardsley won't go 
near, and Beardsley's decayed imaginary keeps the forms from positions of 
pure dominance or visual art. Like Schiele's stains, they can crawl 
across the page; unlike Schiele's figurations, these are cusps or frame- 
works for one's own projections - it's here their strength lies - here, 
and in the quick and dirty communication of form they entail.

Beardsley's details, like MOO objects, hold things back, but _just so._ 
Caught in their spikiness, consciousness refuses to let go, drags them 
into the textual domain. (In this past, only Cranach or Hokusai portend 
the same unease.) Beardsley captures the decay inherent in MUDs or MOOs, 
their prehension, their sickly sexuality tending towards perverse ex- 
ploration. Beardsley relies on rawness and transgression, covered by 
breasts, phalluses, diadems, areas of black oozing to the edge. The work 
is the stifled drama of cyberspace. The work has _odor._


