


Order


Order of reading and constraint are critical in the functioning of MOO
email lists, email lists, and Usenet newsgroups. For a time I participat-
ed in the *Theory list on PMC2; I found myself increasingly irritated
with what I perceived as noisy or spamming messages. 

On the *Theory list, each message is numbered; one can access these by
stating for example "@read 267 on Theory" but for the most part, posts are
read in order. When I'd log on, there would be an announcement stating
"*Theory-MOO has 4 new messages" and I'd enter "@read next on Theory" or
"@send to *Theory" (the star necessary on the "@send"). 

In general, these messages are read in order; one doesn't know the con-
tent in advance. After they're read, they're retained in the overall mes-
sage base (which thus also functions as an archive), but they no longer
show up with the "@read next" command. And the result of this command is a
straight-forward linear progression, in which threads are less relevant
than elsewhere, and where subject titles are fairly random. Used with the
"@read next" command, one is bound to a formal one-dimensional structure,
the well-ordering of integers. It's fairly easy, then, to clog the list,
spam it; one must pass through the spammed messages to continue discussion
on another topic. 

Usenet, say with the tin reader, is another framework altogether. Messages
are easily listed by threads; one scans the subject headings, reads only
particular ones. Scanning can be two-dimensional in this regard - moving
up and down the headings, then into the linear ordering of the threads
themselves. This allows for more tolerance of spam, but it also makes the
headings critical; they become mini-statements themselves, often seductive
and/or flaming - on the technical newsgroups, they often convey consider-
able detailed information. Recently, as we all know, newsgroups have be-
come noisier and noisier, if they're not moderated; many of them convey an
atmosphere of violence. If one goes as an example to one of the Tonya Har-
ding newsgroups, this will become clear; almost all the posts are cross-
posts, often advertisements or quarrels which move from group to group.

Email lists are still another form; there are external archives, and the
rest arrives in the inbox. Thread headings are usually markers of distinc-
tion, separating strands rather than seducing readers. Headings are split 
to indicate branched discussions. The order is random-access; one need 
not even read a thread in the order it was written in, for example. Spam 
is not that common, either because of moderation or limitations to exter- 
nal postings. At one point, newsgroups had a stronger sense of community, 
but now, I think, this sense has moved to the lists, which are publicly 
advertised but less public in other ways.

While Usenet is linear in the tin menu system, it's easy to back out of a
thread one doesn't want to participate in; it's a lot harder to do this on
a MOO. For that matter, it's also harder to get information about a
particular MOO list, or even a proper set of commands. MOOs, talkers, and
MUDs have on the other hand a wide variety of message bases beyond email
lists, such as paging, private email lists, telephone answering machines,
bulletin boards, signs, and so forth. Email lists themselves have arch-
ives, and both home-pages and files depositories at times. While Usenet 
groups have archives, they're rarely accessed, I believe. 

Finally, demographics vary widely. Obviously newsgroups have the widest 
open audience; email lists are second. MOO email lists are generally 
tiny, often unused by MOO participants. Newsgroups can be slightly diffi- 
cult to post to for new users; email lists are the simplest. In all of 
these, there are varying degree of protection, ranging from full to no 
moderation, from closed to open subscriptions, from heavy to no address/ 
user filtering. In the future, given darknet necessities, I predict that 
increased closure will be necessary in order for any of these forms to 
function as anything beyond relics of flaming, advertising, and self- 
promotion. But prediction is as unreliable as the message bases themselves.

