


Snow


Close to whiteout, color of needled death, I remember other blizzards, dri-
ving towards Yarmouth at the hour of the dark night of the soul, cardoor 
open and foot on the pavement, trying to stay on the road in the face of 
pure blindness. Blindness is always pure when it is difference, when sense 
shuts down suddenly without striations; no longer is it possible to see be-
yond myself. Looking from the window, the abyss _yawns,_ not only maw, but 
also exhaustion, those moments in the north when one sits and sleeps, never 
waking up, in the midst of snow. But those moments are also myth; in fact 
sleeping is what one does best, curled in upon oneself, descending into the 
conservation of all energy. The blizzard blows around one or through one; 
the blizzard is elemental and cyberspace is not - there is always a moment 
when cyberspace, like the number 2, appears as pure feuilleton or vignette 
in the gone world. There is _never_ a moment when the purity of whiteout
blindness tells a story, nor is there one purity in balance with another. 
Needled death is neither reductive nor a _test,_ by the way; this isn't the 
world of romantic fallacies, but as close to nothing as one can get. There 
is no point to it, no fulcrum; the blankness lies everywhere, most likely 
deep within the soul, the eyes would have it.

We cannot get along without such points; even this text constantly circum-
scribes. Circumscription is quick within one realm (look! there's the sun, 
there's the moon!), dead within the other. The white has a thickness to 
it; like paste, it not only covers everything and dulls the edges, but it 
replaces one world with another. The first, which is obdurate, granular, 
suddenly becomes translucent; walking through snow, one recites the addres-
ses of cyberspace without location but with relation. It is only death or 
_that_ blindness which ends relation, the last that which is of oneself, 
one's constructed and maintained symbolic. Look at this! As long as there 
is a dimension to look from: Now, this heaving substance contains nothing 
for eyes or ears, nothing but a hint of what desire might have been.

