


Finished


The forty or so qbasic programs I have written constitute a zone of com-
fort, all that needs remain, occlusions to leaking comprehension. They
fall into various categories - those of the almost-symmetric series, for
example, exemplifying the properties of the integers which diffuse vision
and the mind in favor of remarkable identities; in fact these series are
the closest to straightforward identity, just beyond a line of pure repe-
tition. A second set of programs develops maps of chaos; the islands of
stabilization are clearly mapped. What is elegant here is the conciseness
of the programs. Two other sets create quite different cinematic displays; 
the first, related to the second, constructs orbits within parabolic or
sinusoidal structures. The orbits, which may be of any length, are pre-
sented one after the other in rapid succession, the result being a flut-
tering around certain stabilized positions - chaos clearly in evidence
otherwise. The final set here uses recursive nesting to construct orbital
clouds around points in a planar lattice; instabilities send the orbits
flying to other attractors. The result may be anything from a single
orbital bundle to nestled orbits forming complex irregular patterns. Then
there are the primitive programs designed to illustrate one-dimensional
life-forms, and the programs which utilize nestled orbits to create vary-
ing patterns on the screen. All of these together exhaust certain pattern-
ings of symmetries and equivalences (deeply related of course through 
automorphisms; see Weyl); they pour into me, constitute the integral cal- 
culus of thought I employ elsewhere. (I would add to these the programs 
written, years ago, exploring catastrophies, folds, and the like; the 
result of one of them forms the pattern on the cover of my Disorders of 
the Real.) 

I think through my clumsiness here (if my programs have any intrinsic
beauty, it's accidental; my mathematical knowledge is basic), that I have
tightened my hold on the symbolic in odd ways - designing threshold logic
units, for example which allow me to conceive of thresholding itself as a
higher-order construct than, say, that of demarcation. I wouldn't go so
far as to claim ur-forms, but only that certain classes of pattern may be
succinctly realized and explored. Finally, what is odd about all of this
is that the programs are relatively simple, indicating the quick demon-
stration of properties near the surface of the continuum, properties which
still (like the Mandelbrot or Julia sets) produced unexpected results. 

Thus stated, there is nothing else to do but grasp the forms, introject 
them, proceed with analysis until the grave ices over, in summer or in 
winter, wherever time continues to exist.

