


Internet Text Description                                       11/30/95


The Internet Text consists of 750 +/- sections written over a period of
two years, a continuous meditation on cyberspace, emphasizing issues of
interiority, subjectivity, body, and language. The extended range of top-
ics includes Net applications and practices, the materialist "gristle" 
that can't be discarded in analysis. 

_Nothing_ is concluded here, although there are summarizations of key con-
cepts, such as _rewrite, protocol, emission, spew, ghost, address, inscri-
ption, fissure, and the uncanny._ There are also several sections serving
as outlines or recapitulations of the "arguments so far."  Recently, the
text has dealt with issues of net sex, psychosis, upgrading, skin, addic-
tion, and distributed entities. As in the work of Serres, "antiquated" 
texts are considered of interest theoretically; Nagarjuna's Fundamental
Wisdom is an example. 

The Internet Text is in the form of "short-waves, long-waves." The former
are the individual sections, almost all titled, written in a variety of
styles, and referencing a number of writers ranging from Kittler and
(Nicole) Brossard to Ellroy and Lingis, with Penrose, Kristeva, and Karl
Kraus somewhere in-between. These texts are interrelated, interpenetrated;
on occasion "characters" appear - _actants_ possessing philosophical or
psychological import. They also create and problematize narrative substru-
ctures within the work as a whole. (Such are Clara Hielo Internet, Tiff-
any, Alan, Claire, Honey, and others; Tiffany, in particular, has become a
site of learning, sexuality, mathesis, and semiosis.)

The long-waves are fuzzy topoi on such issues as death, love, virtual em-
bodiment, the "granularity of the real," and physical reality, which
criss-cross the texts. The resulting fragmentations and coagulations owe
something to romanticism, something to cognitive studies, but more to the
function of sites or nodes on the Net itself. 

There is no binarism in the text, no series of protocol statements. On the
other hand, virtuality is considered far beyond the ASCII text and GUI
that are most prevalent now, at the end of the twentieth century. The var-
ious issues of embodiment that will arrive with full-real or true-real VR
are already in existence as embryonic, permitting the theorizing of poten-
ial present and future spatialities and their interconnectedness. (Thus
cyborg-thought is seen as roughly mechanistic in favor of future technolo-
gies and the psychoanalytical.)

The work often presents and stumbles over gender, genders and regenders
itself; consider other-gendered personages replacing the ones described. 
I have no stake in them beyond my own desire, memory and circumlocution; 
others will do.

Although there are faux-texts of writers such as Dickinson, Stein, and
Poe, these texts are meant as partial transparencies. I do not mean to
imply that virtuality is synonymous with masquerade or freely-given 
choice of identities. Almost all other references are accurate, referen-
cing a wide range of writers and viewpoints. The resulting matrix, how-
ever, is entirely my own.

The Internet Text divides into fourteen files; there is also an index
file to the whole. While it is best read in the order it is written in,
certain early sections, at pains to establish a working vocabulary, are
more terse and perhaps difficult than others; they may be skipped, to be
returned to at a later date. The same goes for the few Qbasic programs  
and those sections which employ technical terminology (once again the 
gristle). (Note that the Text is continued in the alphabetic text, which 
contains files a,b,c,d,e,f,g,h,i,j,k,l,m,n,o,p and q to date.)

Certain texts were written with Kim Mcglynn or Angela Hunter, and are of
course as much their creation as my own. The entire work to date can be
found by telnetting to

    http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/~spoons/internet_txt.html
        (including images and sound)
    or at: ftp jefferson.village.virginia.edu
        cd pub/pubs/listservs/spoons/cybermind-digest.archive/internet

Some images are at http://www.cs.unca.edu/~davidson/pix/ as well.

Alan Sondheim, sondheim@panix.com, sondheim@netcom.com 

