


The Real Skinny


It is what is _done_ to the skin that frightens, carrying history with
us, unable to be shaken off or ignored. Thus we become the books of our
history, our faces and bodies tallying everything desired or traumatic, 
every moment of our failures, our falling. The skin weathers us; we are
contusions of the real, microbial harbors. Worst of all, we're plati-
tudes. In cyberspace, the skin is as smooth as the skin, translucent
imagery reflected back upon us; scars never show, only inscriptive pro-
cesses pushed to the level of hysteria: I'm here forever yours.

Taut, however: what is done to the skin is the doing of it; separation
between intention and fate, it is always stretched to the limit. It is
the skin that speaks on the telephone, reveals itself on the video; it
is the odor of the skin that occupies us. There is the pratico-inert of
the skin; there are construct, abjection, and annihilation all at once.
They're also nothing at all. They're construct, they're abject, they're
annihilated.

The skin always already partakes of the other; tickling, massage, itch-
ing all contribute to presence elsewhere, conjuring or seduction. It
won't leave us alone; it speaks from beyond, wraps us around ourselves.
On the Net, it appears only as performative; in net.sex one _speaks,_
demands, presences, the other - automated arousal replaces the lightest
touch with zero pressure. The keyboard is always the imaginary, plastics
under control, beneath our control. Massaging as such never _takes._

It's the real that's the real skinny, surface area increasing in rela-
tion to volume as the body loses weight. The real skinny is all surface,
written upon, curled-up. The real skinny _things,_ sings, the body from
without; the anorectic gathers the real around hir in signifying. In
cyberspace, we're anorectic degree zero, destined towards death, already
cauterized, lost to the meat of memory.

( There's no skin in cyberspace; don't even try to imagine it. The words
are granular, positioned against all gravity, all feeling of gravity,
by pulsed magnetic fields, electron streams. There is vacuum _in there,_
or at best, sterile atmospheres. No one lives within them; there aren't
any parasites, oozing suppurations. There's none of the truth of the
history of skin - good truth is hard to find, but when it's there, it's
the real skinny. )

