
-


Lullaby


For a brief moment tonight, I felt peaceful; I wrote, during an intermis- 
sion at an evening of performance, "For one brief moment in time, all the 
peoples of the earth talked among themselves." About six years ago I was 
involved in a psychologically abusive relationship; when I parted from the
woman, all hell broke loose. I didn't see her, physically, until this eve- 
ning; N. was sitting on the other side of the room; the audience was lost
in shadows... And we ignored each other. The performances were good; Ron 
Ehmke, whom I know from my stint in Buffalo, was brilliant. Buffalo was 
everywhere in evidence in the room.

Later during the same intermission, after talking with Maureen, I began
to read Running Linux (Matt Welsh and Lar Kaufman). On Friday, I compiled
a talker and got it running on a local LAN without difficulty. Afterwards,
when I came back to the loft, I was excited and couldn't sleep - I wrote:

"Compiling the talker in the room, communication opened up immediately
across feet, across yardage that would never be encompassed by vocals,
already grunge rock filling the air. Performatives flew nude _presences_
in unforeseen spaces; this is the power of the Net closeup, flesh med-
iated by bodies skewed on the imaginary in spite of the real everywhere
at once. You, I, all were at once" 

and at this point I broke off, thinking about the _power,_ emptied of all
force, everywhere present in my life. Back at the performance (at Dixon
Place, totally recommended) I became nervous, even talking with Maureen,
whom I have known for a long time, because of the _presence_ of the other 
woman; there was a party afterwards, and I decided not to stay. I was
surrounded by ghosts, hauntings; I was inhabited off the Net and on it as
well.* 

The presence was something that couldn't be deleted, but that's not the
point - the point is that I found the world of linux, compilation, Net
stuff in general, totally incomprehensible; I couldn't move from one to
another environment with grace. Psychosis (which I have written about in
this regard) was evident; it was as if I had a secret, and the secret,
in this space of intense presence and presentation, was abject, sad, even
tawdry; I felt crippled (with all the antagonistic stereotyping inherent
in the word itself). Nothing mattered but the Ron's _speaking,_ the heat 
of the room; nothing mattered but the optimization procedures for gcc and
whether -O6 was really equivalent at this stage of the game to -O2.

I can't live like this! I do live like this! I can't live like this!
Returning from Dixon Place, I logged in, cleared out the account, began
this incessant TYPING...

