


Spirit of Death


Because it's the same, the spirit of death hovers over the airwaves. Be-
cause nothing changes, but brute bandwidth continues its miasmatic de-
scent in the future; the future is always descent. The eruption of plea-
sure at the court consumed many on the plain, waiting or surviving with-
in their tents; the European visitors reported everything in return for
a chance to speak _the Christian._ These things become literally unimag-
inable, trivially imagined, dust beneath one's feet, the neighing of
horses in the background, snow everywhere, smoky fires. One always wants
desire; one wants to say "you know how it is," one never does. By the
time the present is realized, one is blind to the real.

The spirit of death changes characters, populations, voices; the cloaca
of the lists continues to disgorge, just like philosophy must always for-
get names. A text is a vor-text, dissembling, spewing into interpretive
gestures, secondary or tertiary (and who can quantify these continuous
levels of repeitition); a text is always loss, lost before the writing
of it (lost before the speaking as well) - this is the transparency of
text, its aurality/orality: _there's never another moment other than the
text, there's no other moment other than the text's other._

The transparency of _this_ discourse: that you always already know this,
it, that it makes no difference, that this remains the discourse impos- 
sible to work through (no therapeutic here), that this remains obdurate
and hence trivial, idiotic - but nonetheless the _locus of the text,_ of
some millions of organisms at a particular moment in time which is any
moment, any organism, which is the slow cold dying of the plasma, of the
world, even of its worlding, of this and any other world.

Oh I could tell you stories, this world which is not ever the world it
was: organism takes delight in the moment or movement of a stone across
a grid, pleasure in the giving of a gift. By such means the fabric of
the world is sustained, time drawn forth, the irresolution of spaces
resolved:

"Having received the presents they led us to his _orde_ or tent, and we
were instructed to bend three times the left knee before the door of his
dwelling, and to be very careful not to put our feet on the threshold of
the door, and this we were attentive to observe, for sentence of death is
on those know knowingly tread upon the threshold of a chief's dwelling.
After we had entered we were obliged to repeat on bended knee before the
chief and all the other nobles, who had specially been convened there for
that purpose, what has been previously said." (John of Pian de Carpine,
report on a journey to Mongolia 1245-46, in Dmytryshyn, Medieval Russia,
A Source Book 900-1700)

