


Distributed Representation


In my 1977 Structure of Reality, I created something called SRG, state-
representation-graphs, that were associated with threshold networks. Net-
works (similar to neural networks or Petrie Nets) had only a finite num-
ber of states, no matter how large. These states were interrelated; one
could move from, say, state 10011 to state 10111 by changing the third
digit from 0 to 1. The result was an SRG in which each _node_ represen-
ted an entire network state. Now consider the nodes labeled or tagged
(beyond their position within the SRG); these tags could be considered
the names of entities. Then each entity is distributed among the origi-
nal nodes of the threshold network. The possibilities are endless here:
there are networks whose SRG possess loops, and there are mirrorings pos-
sible; for example, a simple "exchange" vector 1-0 would have only two 
states and the SRG would be (1-0)1-(0-1)0. It is also possible to force
SRG _onto_ networks, such as there may be states that are unaccounted
for, or "foreign" surplus states. Eventually, representation develops 
_not_ as systemic difference, but as a many-to-many model, many networks
represented by many SRG. I used the symbol "(" for representation - then
a(b indicates that b is the SRG of a, but a(*b indicates that b and a 
are "wild" to each other; this is a situation of forcing. Clearly there
again are all sorts of possibiities, such as a(b(c, a(b, and so forth -
and to develop these leads to a general theory of representation, based
on states and nodes. Further, this model leads to another, in which
states are modeled onto arrows among nodes; in particular, a(*b indi-
cates situations of constant mobility among threshold units (variable
thresholds, connections, and so forth) and their SRG (foreign, chained,
or otherwise).

Out of this model it's possible to construct holarchies (rather than 
hierarchies) of representation, or representation (program, information,
etc.) "all the way down," as some of the previous texts have indicated.
In this model, there is no clear distinction among a(b, since in certain
situations one may also have then a)b, etc. 

These holarchies, it seems to me, would be useful for considering repre-
sentation in cyberspace, in which issues of textuality, hysteric embodi-
ment, and so forth occur. But it would not be possible to define, pre-
cisely, what would constitute a _network_ of references or associations
through a particular post; another means would have to be found in order
to associate, say, attributes with nodes. The difficulty is in the _loca-
ting_ of attributes in the first place: How are attributes associated
with particular (linguistic) representations? Are we in a situation of
infinite regress?

What _is_ of use is that there is not necessarily a materialist founda-
tion resulting from this approach. (Elsewhere in Structure I defined for
example an "event" as the intersection of its descriptions, to a speci-
fied arbitrary "depth." "Event" then is not an _occurrence_ in the world
so much as a description _of_ the world, and it should be possible to
distinguish between the two.) Thus hysteric embodiment becomes a means
of reading or postulating a body, whether or not the body _is_ present
or ever _has been_ present; modalities of existence themselves could be
tagged within threshold networks...

