


Besides Myself


Pascal was afraid of a chasm _opening beside him_ and to the left or
right? Doppelganger, Dostoevsky's doubles, always seem on a _vertical
axis,_ before or behind, an orthogonal transformation of gravity. Later,
there was a text written and read with/in relation to Kathy Acker at a
radio performance; there was a hole opening up next to me, my hole in
fact, hardly a chasm. As if my body split clean in relation to her pre-
sence. One is besides oneself, overcome with oneself in the presence of
the uncanny. The uncanny strikes at any moment, taking us along with it,
demarcating boundaries where none previously existed. If the Net and
cybermind/cyberspace are vertical, back/forward (Netscape ensures these
directions with proper buttoning of the Web upon us, what constitutes the
uneasy laterality which Levi-Strauss speaks of (Conversations with Claude
Levi Strauss, C L-S and Didier Eribon), uncanny for all sorts of (mis-) 
reasons?:

"The luncheon was held at the Columbia Faculty Club. It was during the
winter, which was incredibly cold. Boas arrived wearing an old fur hat
that must have dated from his expeditions among the Eskimos sixty years
earlier. His daughter Mrs. Yampolski and several of his colleagues from
Columbia where there, all former students: Ruth Benedict, Ralph Linton,
and a few others. Boas was very jovial. In the middle of a conversation,
he shoved himself violently away form the table and fell backwards. I was
seated next to him and bent down to lift him up. Rivet, who had started
his career as a military doctor, tried in vain to revive him. Boas was
dead." 

Does the thief approach from the side, the left side? The one time in my
life I was mugged, I was approached on the right, which seemed wrong. The
sides of the body are nubile and shimmering slabs, reasonably anonymous; 
strength, sexuality, and the reading of personality appear from before or
behind. Still, one pushes against an obstacle with one's side, for example
opening a stuck door, breaking one down. And a face from the side accomp-
anying the body as well (the _right_ side) expresses posture, the delinea-
tion of form that accompanies all of us. 

A head-on collision makes sense, knocks one insensible. A collision on 
the side is almost an apology...


