


Tuning


I stab into the machine, change one or another line, back out, run the
assessment programs, return to autoexec.bat or config.sys, place REM
before a possible difficulty. I download a video driver from AST, load
it into C:\b, inflate it, install it in A:\ reinflating, run it from 
windows, change the settings; I defragment drives C: D: E:, back out,
remove several directories from E:, change the bins all the way around,
fool with high memory but leave it empty, establish a permanent Windows
section on E:, try 32 bits and crash everything, go into the system.ini
file blindly and set 32=no no no over again, reload and rerun after
placing REM in front of all sorts of devices and possible TSRs. I don't
have the slightest. I rearrange files, bring yoyos (so I'm told) towards
the front, create menus, eliminate everything dead or useless from the
different sections, thinking about returning to Trumpet Winsock setup,
play again with virtual memory, change the files and buffers sizes,
eliminate dead or unncessary directories from the path, place all the
backup files in a CHANGE directory. I'm flying blind now, not the 
vaguest. When Windows crashes, it crashes big, recreates the C: direc-
tory with nothing on it; rebooting, everything returns. Sound files con-
stantly slip out of control; if I hear the song one more time I'll go
crazy, maybe I'll go crazy anyway. The machine's up to a 10.7 run on
the clocktime ahead of the 10.5 standard and way up from the 5 some-
thing it was running at earlier. Windows takes ThePalace now, it takes
AVIPRO, runs out on CuSeeMe from Norway with a record 12 frames a sec-
ond on a 33 mhz machine, say. No land record but for this. Xingstream
actually works out recognizable, someone's talking in Finnish and his
picture moves on occasion and by the looks of it I'd recognize him on 
the street. Amazingly, Windows loads at doublespeed now, but the lamp by
the bed is beginning to fizzle, the bulb's going - I can't turn away -
the sound's in tune with TV static, emissions all over the place. There
are antennas all over the place as well, the television and phone base
antennas, but also three for the Sony and Hallicrafter (antique!) short-
wave radios, tuned and hustling against the ceiling, desperate for air,
circuit, current. But the colors are more subtle on the AST at the mom-
ent and this notebook I'm writing on runs fast enough for type to take,
transmit affect. Still it's all stabbing at the dark; never before have 
I been so aware of the _body_ of the machine, the virtual body which re-
acts according to the vagaries of unknown dis-easing; I hereby witness.
This isn't the body of the _case,_ screwed or unscrewed, occasionally 
reconfigured itself - this is the body which speaks desperately to me,
attempts to hold its own as it slims down for the penultimate but con-
tinuous run. I've absorbed it running; nothing crashes anymore, and what
were dim flickers across the internetworking screen have become pleasures
of the sensory text, familiarities, familialities. You can guess where
this is heading, far beyond the stabbing, into interstellar absorption,
body thinned against perfect works lit, nuclear, from within. Stabbing
dulls the knife as the wood is carved, and becomes one. Where that is,
is for no one to say.*

