

the weather's


the weather's hurricane, tornado, blizzard, tsunami, monsoon, earthquake, 
the asphalt was melting in the heat. there were tornado warnings and 
tornados. at one point we ran down into the cellar; everything roared 
eyes. i wonder i don't remember her and tornados, buildings toppled, buses 
veering off wet cliffs down to the tornados and floods completly erasing 
everything in ten thousand hours.

nikuko: tornado; you'd know furious avalanche, violence of the sand-vor- 
tices, sand-tornados. jabes, on the approach, or that i will never see a 
coyote again in the wild, or another tornado

        "tornado mouth of river blood tongue in ambulatory lands.
        to truth's blue-dark tornados of blood-blue dissolutions."

floods, hurricanes, tornados, droughts in the foreseeable future. a hurri- 
cane or a tornado isn't a thing. one might call it a force of nature. i 
was deranged when i thought like this. i forgot everything i knew about 
the world.
 
nikuko: tornado; you'd know furious avalanche, violence of the eyes, no 
wonder i don't remember her, buildings toppled, buses veering off wet 
cliffs down to the down. what'd i tell you. you got tornado in me.

the worst depression plutonium. is this but twenty-three. vector tornado. 
i, tornado. feed not and every me hurricane nuclear of i plutonium world 

rotation.  in tornado. to no happen coffee whether tornado. fierce fierce 
open open water water transforms transforms it will happen but when. 
holocaust hurricane tornado. fierce open water tornado, blizzard, tsunami, 
monsoon, earthquake, absent ocean soliton, however slight lived 
minneapolis poor area asphalt heat tornado warnings tornados cellar roared 
overhead slammed driver muttering himself wedding from those born of 
tornados and floods

and out like deranged tornados hardened turned crystalline. my selenite 
and tornados, buildings toppled, buses veering off wet cliffs down to the
        tornado mouth of river blood tongue in ambulatory lands 

someone lost something but for a moment i thought it might have been you 
or me

nothing i've lost, plutonium depression, weakness of deranged tornados



experiments w/ elec pipa

http://www.alansondheim.org/elecpipa0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/elecpipa1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/elecpipa2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/elecpipa3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/elecpipa4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/elecpipa5.mp3

attaching 2 different types of contact mics to the body at the bridge or 
head. like the weirdness that results; the sound is strange and terrifying 
and furious.



space and time

