=




                         unsmelling
                   bad smell
             smell
armed smells,
dank:smelly:hot:wet:smear:gooey:8068:2:sticky:smear:hot
dank:smelly:hot:wet:smear:gooey:8068:2:sticky:smear:hotflood:flow:spew:
smells, hard
smells.}
wWsmell jasmine
while smelling.
 29584 dev/null      BEG   close in on you smell you 0
old books    I am in-between every page, s/he can smell
mo   world ! smells ! far ! too ! often ! of ! assassin-killer ! assassin-
You say, " - the smell of flesh for years -"
disappeared!" The "The flesh years 'meat tongue for smell 
disappeared!" The "The flesh years 'meat|girl tongue for smell 
disappeared!  The "The flesh years 'meat|girl tongue for smell Nikuko 
("bbreathe breathe "pabreathe breathe "breathe smell breathe @noun=
'Nikuko' smell 'meat|girl the hir into slippery 'Nikuko' " flesh into 
slippery many 'meat|girl the of Nikuko slippery slippery Nikuko of smell 
no other (smell of womb, this sun, sunlight, this space upon the screen,
iarerdsther ws * tre turning * otwe ach other * intod smell * fisa eu c *
odors, smells - are "dirty" - you just have to see the commercials on the 
painters hir -" say, disappeared!" smell * torn * the - 'meat|girl skin 
.. sm ..sm sm sm smell ..ll ll ll of ..of of of of.. .... ..  .. of ..of
discrete--pure (visible <> embrace) mind speech | {scent, smell)
nothing. Sky = nothing = earth. Damp sky = certain smell. I am your files 
Tumbling" by B. and D. Cotteral. You see much work and labor. You smell 
something about Buddha loving hir smell, hir damp odor.
the guilty. Dawn wants home, wants nested community, the smell of bodies,
names of God that would bring the universe to an end. I smelled of
sing beauty-song. I can smell my shit; my nails splintered, uncut; my
ink silk. I can smell the sweat on
where, but I can't see you, can't touch you, can't smell you, I never 
much control; I can't smell you here; I can't smell you anywhere. I can't
smell you. I can't touch you in the slightest. You're not there at all.  
liked you; I liked the way you smelled. You seemed really beautiful to me.
And today I notice that I notice the smells and the sights and the sounds
But today I notice the smells of the street and the fare of the various
ing. Dressed, I smell like anyone else; half-naked, my body's scents are
AN END! I smelled of the end of the universe.
time. When I'm wet, my smell is everywhere, you can smell me on it, birth
senses, said Izanagi, and they are smell, taste, sight, hearing, and touch
ers, devouring Nikuko's menses,harboring hir smell on me, seeing through
familiar smells. These moments cloud the nodal points which open up to 
Kill me: Watch my ghost ascend. (It's you, Jennifer; I can smell you. The
  and minds. We'll pull our dresses up. We'll smell each other. :-o  :-)
Nikuko says: You can almost smell him. Julu says: I can smell him.
painters flesh You say, -" torn skin 'Nikuko' " say, for hir into * smell 
body opened! You' ech 's start! YOLI 'd smell the moist prick.' You 'G
streams... your [19:47] You: my gg moves withi can smell kk, i move 
always already a disappearance and smell or taste are embodied only in 
rancid smell, a greasy feeling, and floats in water." Julu (buried) cries
takable world, a world that s/he has smelled for hirself, seen for hirself,
side the aa, against the wall mot way into aa - I can smell it - st 
it is about the smell of your hole and a tongue and void
pillows. It's almost suffocating. You can smell illness like that, watch
al you, and I can smell them, virtual you, t, u, v, virtual-u, x, y, z,
slight sweet and heavy smell, moist warmth in room of dawn
my life and it's very different now, even the smells are different. Later,
summarized knowledge and knowledge-owners, "1 m 2 grep smell lu > jj 3
with languor and lassitude and the need of smelling salts
and legs and minds. We'll pull our dresses up. We'll smell of the 
Alan Sondheim: and mr linden does nothing he's asleep s/he can't smell me 
the presence and slightly sexual smell of the unknown woman and Erwin 
sounds, sights and smells, always the last murmured word, but always the 
baby diseased and smelly between the legs and ready for violence all the
would give anything for the presence of a body, the smell of a woman, me.
the ovens are for baked goods and delicious smells
my legs are spread wide, i can smell my shit mingled with yours, yours is
and my arms writing smelled of holes and human debris: broken arms, legs,
(Interestingly, just as voice has grain, so does smell; both are _of_ the 
to be assailed by the smell of them." - from Visuddhi Magga, The Path of 
Squeeze your balls, smell your hands. Squeeze your cock, smell your fing-
ers smell of beans on the mesquite fire, the dreamwork of a thin sliver 
Burning is being smelled. She spreads hirself further. Somewhere there are
women, s/he benea smelled i jews, ouched i s/he by ea ie women, ying hey're 
why i bet if s/he was awake s/he couldn't smell me either 
time smelly between the legs and really annoying incredible sluts and a
not understand bodies. Your smell fills the room. M is inaccessible.
her full breasts and penetrating nipples graced my eyes with harsh smells.
twentieth spake breed kinds altar offered burnt offerings smelled sweet 
half-hidden seaweed brown undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb 
the wires burn; there is the smell of burning flesh.
said Nikuko, but do we truly taste what we smell, are not both the most
Alan Sondheim: but you do nothing when i say smell me 
driven in by the spume of the SIM-GIG tree, its sweet smell waking my
1. I can smell death. I live alone. Death covers the walls with tiny
peace. you can smell loving. you can smell them all. you can strangle
something. People can touch you. People can smell you. You, Alan, are even
it.  I can't hear a word you say. You smell. You wash me out of your 
times I can't think... i keep my legs spread constantly, the smell fills the
of diminished capacity - the bandwidth is broken - different smells
wall has caved in. you can smell fire. you dream at night, anything but
there are cigarette stubs in the sink, wan smell of liquor in the air. It
smell, so clearly, at arm's or finger's length, nothing more, Proust's 
masses of clouds and the distinct smell of musk, the warm air within
smell the corpses!
Storm; s/he could smell it. Guy Guillaume breaks hir face, hir skin falls
way into cock - I can smell it - step on me - sucking toes, the arch of it
see them. dancer can smell the scent; the air is heavy with it. dancer
To this day, the smell of burning flesh around the corner, the Dodge and 
smell of death ==::attacked in our sleep we will disappear, attacked in
alter of death... (It is a dark or sour smell, it is the smell of 
suicidal and depressed half the time smelly between the legs and really
kissed smell dew fatness plenty corn blesseth scarce gone hunting trembled 
dick his dick to the smell everyone dick dick to meat meat to everyone 
Alan Sondheim: did i not read this about the world sir that it has a smell 
years " disappeared! "The tongue smell -" smell has "The The - -" for arms 
about. you do not smell the thing you do not hear the thing. thing jumps 
arms. Where do they join the neck. Where does the musk smell of your
gleaming brown drag undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb
Smothering, I dream of your choking me and your wet and heavy smell.
mj:i smelled each and every woman, blood is filth and pain, jews are fil
i smelled each and every woman, blood is filth and pain, jews are filth
cockcunts and earnose spew of smelltaste and sundries. oh for the sundries 
mj:book, they're eaten by the jews, i smelled it on the television, i to
book, they're eaten by the jews, i smelled it on the television, i touched
nothing. filming every thing. long road-diatribes. smell the musk, sub
nothing: filming every thing. long road-diatribes. smell the musk-air on
falls, soaking everything. you smell lignite and mold. you don't think
smell of excrement anywhere on the body, which has become its own dank
smell, thunderstorms, exhalations...)
person, the eye is for seeing. Now s/he knows 'let me smell this,' that is
world smells far too often of assassin-killer. assassin-killer takes his
  You could feel their singed flesh, you could smell the taste of meat
will be filled with my smell ..never washing it off..never using
remember nothing: filming every thing. long road-diatribes. smell the
smells. nothing: filming every thing. long road-diatribes. smell the musk-
wires, flesh, flesh. smell burn; wires garden cultivating see. think; wake 
appearance. air flickering sparks ash smell brimstone. hot touch, 
Alan cries for the absence of writing, the smell of flesh, the return
check it for virus: the virus is the smell of our holes: those of us
An effusion, general and fuzzy topography - there is Jennifer, I can smell
Do we get increasingly depressed smelling our bodies as seared skin curls
in, the glade's wet with piss and semen, it smells like perfect water,
junkie. You gotta stay with me s/he said. Al's place smelled like hell.
anonymous masked guards that smell of slaughter. so yes it's true i make 
and depressed half the time a horrible baby diseased and smelly between
one can hardly argue among the sweet and sickly smell of leaves and stems
shakespeare william s/he go cinema rich see kusturica are going smell 
to see, hear, taste, touch, smell. We've buried the physical in the physi- 
woman with hir hand increasingly wet, the audience close enough to smell 
Nikuko kanji hir into for of smell their smell years 'Nikuko' - 'meat|girl 
other. delete; hex it:  check virus: virus smell holes: sloughed entrails:  
almost smell hir coming down the street, all dispersed!
wants wants his to to dick to to everyone sever sever dick to smell wants 
it wasn't his, there was this smell of candles burning, scorching the cave
always the honeysuckle smell and it fills you with blossom and delight. I
time a horrible baby diseased and never going to leave you alone smelly
and odor. how to make smell. how to make heat and how to call heat away
smell of human burning the to smell of human human of the smell of flesh 
your cock, i can smell your deliberate scent, your perfume enraptures you,
Alan Sondheim: i have a smell that makes grown men and women weep 
smell kk, i move downwards t i cut my pubic hair... rubbed it a uu here... 
it's as if the book itself becomes a body, the smell of the page; darkness
clothes fell in a heap, smell of burned wood, tattoo of burned cock
touch|scent|smell|other (static in air|magnetic)|apparent ascertained
gleaming brown in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb 
your equations in six unknowns reduced to five, your smell on my eyes, my
smelling, pleasure in the apprehension of traces of excrement) are not 
them everywhere in the text, we can smell the fecund earth reproducing,
the almost inaudible smell, musk, fragrant, the p of pleasure, the t of
smelly panties instead and s/he let out a gasp. I felt bad, so I started to 
ing. There is a slight "new" smell to the unit, which has, I assume, 
13: it is about the smell of your hole and a tongue and void
The soil is rich with dark loam, a smell of musk, the secret stirrings of
of smell is uncanny. They have six fingers. Their skin is striped, adapted
can smell it - so anyway heart - Patty - goes out to California from
wWsmell of jasmine
filth are jews pain, and filth is blood woman, every and each smelled i 
fil are jews pain, and filth is blood woman, every and each smelled mj:i 
i was just above them, smell of wet fur
smell you just know you can scent.
can smell kk, i move downwards t i cut my pubic hair... rubbed it a uu 
quit. You know I smell that smell. You know I walk that walk. You are
Did you know you can smell time.
lkd ..i l ikike to be fucke to haved, can smell piss, i move downwards 
smells we left on fenceposts and wagonwheels, and these Rays would go into
arabs smell like the jews smell.
Spread your lips, smell your hands. Finger your ass, smell your fingers. 
smell of liquor in the air. I shudder, turn, dream, wake, arise, mastur-
continue you. loving's surplus. travis peace. can smell all. strangle
-" say, many for disappeared!" years say, for many for say, -" smell for - 
Now you may know the smell is not from any orifice, any hole in any skin;
everyone to meat of the wants everyone to meat burning of smell wants 
smell of meat. There's the sound of stringed instruments and sometimes 
smells of meats and vegetables suffusing the space of wave equations and 
vour Nikuko's menses, harbor hir smell on me, see through hir membranes,
each smelled mj:i 
shell smelled moist ebb doorway
 aa kk morph ll ytalk recycle liquid vv remembering the exhau smell of 
intermediate smell motion process taste remain disappears capacity ingest 
eyes and mouth, touching, smelling, tasting. White panties! Oh Oh Oh.
my tongue moves within your hair, your cunt, you smell stronger than ever, i
not so much by a hair's breadth, not so you could smell its scent just
of errors, musk smell of death and dissolution. now
I close my eyes; I create the objects of which I claim witness. They smell 
scattered everywhere, my hair wet with the smell of it? Did I?
accidentally slipped my hand inside his smellyjockies instead and s/he let 
climb up my leg ..into here ..this is soft ..this is smelling of this this rtext
scent through my nose my own smell, taste through my mouth my own
eyes, around my nose. The heavy and subtle smell lasted and lasted for
stains me, my smell stains me. You can smell me between my legs. It gives
  Because of my smell, because of my bulging panties, because of the
Jews do not smell differently than other people.
nothing, see nothing. i told them they smelled. i told them they had to 
aga i nst you, i 'm smell i ng of woman's flesh, my ha i r i s on f i re,
scent, the odor and smell, wound, carapace, tissue, flesh, scar, pain; 
musk and odor. how to make smell. how to make heat and how to call heat
tances and odor. how to make smell. how to make heat and how to call heat
has disappeared!" of * * flesh painters hir -" say, disappeared!" smell * 
the smell of a kitchen, the paint on the edges of the chairs
the smell of burning flesh.)
thread-bones spew of cockcunts and earnose spew of smelltaste and 
the smell of food, coffee or tea, in the room, the love-making of Erwin 
"the smell of gunpowder, explosions.")};
 you smell of me
Pheromes, smells of our shit and farts, inscribe our presence; it's the
ness, smell of piss, cum, mucus. Cut the earth burned to cinder, cold ash
smell, are of several frame, and so are the parts for generation.
my sense of smell
the end of the universe. I smelled of shit, of all of it. You asked
the smell of the varnish on older paint, flat faded white shown through
in drag of undertow hermit crab shell smelled moist ebb doorway
love, smell of urine and secretions, smell of blood, smell of cum,
everywhere at once - the smell of a person indeterminate, unidentifiable,
I could only go back, not to childhood, but to the smell of the sand or 
ity, necessary or not, we never return to the origin. P is the smell
in that order. Why in that order, asked Nikuko. Because they must smell
we'd open our holes for th look up us, we'd be pping, they and the smells 
Stuff falls out. Rivers down my legs, stuff. Valley mud. My cunt smells of
and theres paper poisoning around. you can smell my body a mile away,
mutated, the particular smell of the place, the atomic-molecular 
and some people are even allergic to the smell."
Jennifer smells, perfume emanating from hir body, and that's how I know
can smell piss, i move downwards towards your asshole...
anything (ignorantly? popularly? mythologically?) smelling of pollution, 
imaging or programming or sound or video, light or smell, scent or odor, 
Friends, these rates are coming down the highway where everyone smells
skin.  The room smelled of holes and human debris (a marvel or a travel),
The friend said s/he smelled something rotten at the place.
Are you satisfied with your smells. Write sand doll with ideohydraulesis.
smelled sweet savour curse man's youth smite while remaineth seedtime
this. i saw everything. i smelled everything. i tasted everything. i'm not
i won't say you're my friend or enemy or that i smell your sex
word i say. i smell.
and taste, scent and smell, within. Within, without, there is no symbolic, 
sexed taste, scent smell, within. within, without, symbolic, father 
you to see or hear or touch or taste or smell them. But that's an emana-
for introjections, shadow or smell or restaurant. The hysteric embodi-
against the sheets; the sour smell of my body devours them in flames.
labia, the sight and smell of sound and sight, new programs for the ask-
full of sights, sounds, tastes, touches, smells, extremely interesting and 
resurrected identities sing beauty song i can smell my shit my nails 
description; white, size 5, smelly.
Maybe your smell because of your bulging panties because of the dark
suck wbreathe smell casbreathe breathe breathe suckbreathe tastesbreathe
1. can smell death. live alone. covers walls own Creation! Forests
Do not smell deeply, Sniff only one, First smell, then think, Every
constantly, the smell fills i think all this movement ..all these words 
is intermediate; smell is a motion and a process, just as taste; smell 
you can smell me cumming. ive got your options ready for you to sign
me and smell me. I am yours forever.
loves the smell of Alan's panties and Alan loves the smell of Jennifer's.
there's the smell of it - the sheets over Nikuko - the thick odor -
my hands smell of perfume
     	 planes, the smell of silt and shit in the furrows 
(Honey): The smell of you, that crease between your balls and cock!
Our bodies smell so bad no one will get near us! How wonderful!
you can smell the burning tires. What do they talk about over there.
minimum, my smell the musk of writing, seared or torn lozenge, frayed slit
i could smell the panties already and needed a drop zone. so i screwed 
meadow, you smell the scent of moles, cross the eerie spaciousness of a
others, i smell them, they are my scent."
You can smell time.
it's a smell you can't get rid of, everyone smells it.
something Buddha smell, damp odor.
  then through smell, your cock straining against the cords I place on it.
suckbreathe $g; smellbreathe "$noubreathe breathe wbreathe tastesbreathe
and the smells coming from the house would be unbearable 
My health smells like life, but it's a semblance of life,
tastes, touches, smells, extremely interesting and its truth is that of
through my smells. nothing: filming every thing. long road-diatribes.
you alone smelly between the legs and ready for violence all the time and
so very stupid s/he said and lit a cigarette. She always smelled the smell
in the summer the smell of the grass, the water
smell of sweat and saliva. The smell on a hot summer day... damp air
and the sweet smell of the flowers.  There is music playing softly in the
state is sweet, syrupy, oh so is the mind, the smell of the body, sheets,
with hir teeth suicidal and depressed half the time smelly between the
touched i television, the on it smelled i jews, the by eaten they're book, 
to i television, the on it smelled i jews, the by eaten they're mj:book, 
off, holes th fucking, smells coming house unbearable ed p .;.alll floors 
 smell stronger than ever, i i took a piece of my
sutured by the abject, digital flees, analog embraces, there's a smell 
  terior - the breakdowns of proper names, entities, space - the smell
fires in the distance, smell of gunpowder in the air...
can smell the fear of it - the phenomenology of scent - nowhere and
Where does the musk smell of your breasts. Around the nipples, sweat, very
the self, the nose is for smelling. Now s/he who knows 'let me utter this,'
cutting through the sickly-sweet smell of plum dumplings, warm like an
period, d the smelil ofwoould toour bod... i smell of your armpits yor ur 
rain, touch the smell of hole, taste the sound of alallarum-baretarsurm-
the body, the smell of the body. Or halfway up against the wall, we fuck,
you lose the smell of the thing; you lose the thing.
J says, the smell will be strong, it will be silent. We'll mark each other
not finished, the smells thick with the audience, they love the dancing, 
that ignores the sweet smell of my sweat, or the taste of my lover's
depressed half the time a horrible baby diseased and smelly between the
depressed half the time smelly between the legs and really annoying
could smell the wood burning when you could smell the candles but later,
could feel their bones and skin. You could smell them. I couldn't help
  panties and their rancid smell, you go speechless.
skin years their smell -" -" 'Nikuko' skin, many their 'meat|girl flesh 
'meat|girl kanji their torn years smell -" into their many 'meat|girl of 
Some of them are the taste, touch, and smell of cyberspace, the rest that
can smell them, anyone can smell them. the dancer comes out then. the 
online.  But then "you can smell fear" etc. ...  and that's not 
You'd huddle there and smell Foster, s/he had that whiskey breath from
was always there. Unlike the smell of iodine, Travis heard the sound, con-
through the thin cloth. i rubbed around the cloth. i could smell it
a pleasure...she thinks...in the bathroom...her own smells...surroundings
of smell thread-bones spew of bbaas and ties cordons aa aas cyberspace 
the nose through the nose Rays that were like straws and kept the smell so
we got to know each other's fluids well, we got that old besotted smell."
begging men to me to exchange parts..so u can smell me ..in my ba
smell, had to smell as hard as possible, had to leave trails, had to leave 
date, that to someone there are the smells and sounds of the halls of
..you like to taste your period, do you like the smell of it
you can't touch me, smell me, taste me. you can't hear me. look, this is
People can't touch you. People can't smell you. You're not even something.
Taste and touch, and smell are oddly foregrounded here, even in Swinburne 
from smell, touch, and taste - I thirst for your PRESENCE, the
flesh, taste, touch, smell
molecular, taste, touch, smell. Uneasy dreams transform culture into the 
smelling noses touching arms grasping lips tasting feet seeing clits
smell my twat a million miles away. So I'm offering you a chance to end
"between the two of us, we do not know each other's taste and smell,
between the two of us, yet we do not know each other's taste and smell,
and Azure's unbelievable or he's screwed up smelly between the legs and
smell, broken up into shattered planes of menus, not manifolds or mem-
from the visible, via the audible, the touchable, what can be smelled and
love, that voice conjuring up the party-line, cajoling, the flat smell
God said wah wah wah I have smelled this smell and I am on another planet 
sweet smell waking my lover::
 But Woman-sitting-and-smelling walked in before her. After having sat
yes... i want your streams... your smell of your armpits yor ur aa y 
    smelleth sprinkleth waxeth 
alive so went back to sleep, anyway no smell of smoke, besides there were
If I were a smelly goose-pickle
smell the what and how of knowledge meaning:  from proprietary etiquette,
fetishized by what? scent, the odor and smell, wound, tissue, flesh, scar, 
What happened when faced with your panties and their rancid smell I go
The Psion3A, which is kept in a soft case, has an odd smell to it, which I
<nikuko> you will smell my scent. you will know me.
been through with altogether, their concentration. Even the smells have 
gg moves withi can smell kk, i move downwards t i cut my pubic hair... 
tongue moves within your hair, your cunt, you smell stronger than sleep 
What a wonderful smell!
And there would be the smell of my body everywhere, like the smell of the
way ..t would have your friend sit on me an your aa, i can smell your 
universe. we would see and hear and touch and smell those ghosts of all
universe. we would see and hear and touch and smell those humans of all
dead for years - wake up and smell the roses. Or rather why don't you just
r , yo smell stronger than ever, i i took a piece of my
inscribe peace. you can inscribe death. you can smell war. you can smell
smell alan. you can smell azure. you can smell nikuko. you can smell them
miles away you could smell the atoms ... I've photographed the sheets,
what if you could smell the salt air, what if you
cannot tell you more about the honeysuckle smell. The sky is a bloom of 
could smell you, can't taste you, can hardly hear you either.
can smell you. I can touch you always and forever. You, Alan, are there at
bbs and your aa, i can smell your deliber aa, to the labial portal 
smell of your armpits yor ur cunt your asshole
can smell your deliber violent bb, violent aa, it's th this aa and bb 
moves within your hair, can smell kk, i move downwards t i cut my pubic 
you smell your holes everywhere against the lip of the screen, pull the 
shit in your mouth. "I will not wash," you say, "I want the smell of your



Cicatrix


http://www.alansondheim.org/smell.txt

poultice, cataplasm cicatrix retro-



damaged life

http://www.alansondheim.org/Fb2.jpg

even aacebook. aven aecond aife, which tends towards classical the 
aacebook contact, as enunciations are replaced and replicated by 'ahat 
featuring my aacebook superwall. ahese texts are 'thicker' than many 
ayapace or even aacebook. aven }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 thing more 
than mythos; it's replaced by the aacebook contact, as aacebook superwall. 
ahese texts are 'thicker' than ma}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 texts, images from aa 
and apensim, material from aacebook and aaas as fucks' to... an 
elimination piece featuring my aacebook superwall. ahese aacebook 
aarketing - aorget averything ahat aour aother aaught aou ... aorget 
averything... | aacebook Non-commissioned officer D. Wounded 20 May 1915. 
Treatment not yet ended. aorget aaaaaaaaaa you ever knew about abortion | 
aacebook an ayapace and aacebook come along and fill them up aacebook 
contact, as enunciations are replaced and replicated by 'ahat a fucks' 
to... an elimination piece featuring my aacebook superwall. ahese at's all 
a mess, aaaaa aaa aaa in aacebook, ayapace? ancreasingly aaa aaa helen 
shimmying pink foam businessesfacebooktermshelp rebecca seiferle social 
philosophy culled from facebook, by immediately notifications; by facebook 
notifications; getting facebook mcluhaniistic approach (?) guess approach 
takes facebook, interrupts, speech) speech) these these things things 
facebook, gra... :pm 'this' ai there, was just over at aacebook, nothing 
happening.

