 of slaughter. we write its emanc
suddenly he follows her as an ox goes to the slaughter or as one in 
surrounding slaughter and the third and final part of a package intended 
surrounding slaughter early morning is a time when god s middos hachesed 
talk is slaughter
tcp: slaughter tables configured (established risd bind risd)
tending towards the slaughter
than human slaughter - beginning first with birth
that here, born was i world-slaughter, mass with not love, this felt never 
that the slaughter of so many people was preventable surprise would be 
that turns self-slaughtered in the wind
that's the joyride iraki slaughter truck
the animals are forcefed before slaughter its a practice that draws god 
the blm of rounding up wild horses for slaughter to so far the lobbying 
the by is slaughter, Alps. lives of organism of Hannibal's always Where 
the earth is our slaughterhouse
the face of whale slaughter whale watch specials smhcomau add to submit 
the group accused the blm of rounding up wild horses for slaughter to 
the humane slaughter act says you can start dismembering an animal 
the illegal slaughter of whales i reject all of these ridiculous 
the intersection where the slaughter occurred is safe the group accused 
the muslims that scream allaha akbar as they slaughter gods children for 
the obdurate of the real-inert. Beneath both are the regimes of slaughter 
the period of a woman has the power to slaughter, and that a woman must be
the pleasure of our senses and disfigurement of slaughter, as if these
the recognition. slaughter, death. slaughter, recognition. verge of death. 
the sand sifting, shifting, slaughters sifting, and evolutions, would
the slaughter by arson of civilians in northern uganda by the ayman 
the slaughter i also to the uk illegally and unfortunately we cannot rule 
the slaughter of children not sending a message the two hasidim oversee 
the slaughter of do not undercut the fight against ecoterrorism with 
the slaughter of six million jews to the as he slaughtered peopleunlike 
the slaughter of the priests of baal these funds are also suplimented by 
the slaughter of young boys and the destruction of village
the slaughter sonic jihad monkey god will bow to our hegemony he can not 
the slaughterhouses documented by Peta. they were run by kentucky fried 
the towards the the slaughter's - death death - - of isn't death isn't 
the video. I think of hunting as slaughter, I can't help it. At one period 
the world-wide slaughter going on, it's hard to concentrate on a proper 
the wounded, the birth of indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own 
them than we do by slaughtering cows pigs etc the barbaric slaughter at 
them to slaughter millions in malls schools offices day is earth daywhy 
them, hard as hell, even in the onslaught of Republican slaughter in an 
there is no goal. What happens in the real is the incandescent slaughter- 
there's words to fast full slaughter marked for disappearance dead without 
they still have it, rationalized our slaughter at the end of the 
they will lead us to war they will slaughter
thieves, drunkards, murderers, slaughterers, destroyers, thugs, rapists, 
think of issues of slaughter, pain, resource consumption,
this family and god bless the united states of i say we slaughter all the 
this political assault this slaughter
this show is called em/bedded - em/bedded with slaughter, bedded with 
this world is the gateway to nothing or to slaughter,
those two with cameras to video the slaughter of thousands of young harp 
those yet to be born, only to face the ongoing slaughter of
threat in ocean warrior my battle to end the illegal slaughter on the high 
through why slaughter violence, writing no can't sign is killing of .. 
ties quickly into the world-theater of slaughter and corruption, plant and 
to combat ecoterrorism vladimir lenin cryptic slaughter fields of nephilim 
to destroy the cavel west horse slaughtering plant does our supposed 
to slaughter. breathing heavy it's a sign. don't wait to breathe heavy.
to testify against the *idaho cattle herds sent to slaughter after brucel- 
to witness death, and slaughter, and extinction, the natural disordering 
toads slaughtered by parasitic boring through eyes
top ten the slaughter of more defwheezer years for ecoterrorism sheep to 
torture and slaughter of animals he once served as god of writing to the 
try and teach them they leave but not before they slaughter
turns hir totally. families slaughtered fences, ocotillo, *marking wants 
ugly patriots slaughter patriots patriots slaughter slaughter patriots 
unbearable violence - natural slaughter - "I wouldn't want to be out in 
unreadable indiscernible apocalypse slaughter update isery couldn't 
unwilling to be slaughtered,
urges applebees to alter poultry slaughter when does green rage become 
use a a slaughter's usual what's this the this the extinction, 
used to describe threats andor acts plus they support the slaughtering of 
very breath kills; what would kill us is repeatedly slaughtered until 
virtual (bleak culture and slaughter)
virtual pain/slaughter inhere within each other. -
vladimir lenin cryptic slaughter fields of nephilim ecoterrorism apathy in 
von hundertmark said the story of the merciless slaughter of wild ducks 
vow constricted constricted moans death moans the from those slaughtered 
wants me to slaughter the poor innocent lumberjacks then i see this 
war and slaughter. STOP. on radio and television, the population is
war, slaughter , minor elements which are past the point of any return, 
warm exhausted, frightened, battered from the slaughter... i crawl towards
wars there and hunger and fury and fear and slaughter and it was in the 
watching planet turn towards slaughter disease extinction torture tomb 
watching planet turn towards slaughter, disease, extinction, torture, 
we are mercy-mole slaughter assassins he said
we are slaughtering everything
we breathe. We write through the slaughter, onslaught of lesions always
we slaughter. nothing saves nothing; of all, we 
wealth redistributed full grace. slaughtered neutron bombs doomsday
what could come of slaughter and yidam.
when 1 shows up 0 is slaughtered
which endorses the slaughter of sixteenyearold kids with (inaudible) if 
which is increasingly turning towards slaughter, disease, the monstrous. 
wholesale slaughter a necessary condition of the human race? is 
without lodging and the threat of slaughter:
without words there's fast to full fast slaughter full marked slaughter 
women slaughter valley king's dale melchizedek salem priest most possessor
work World, Wired." Outside (within the explicit order), the slaughter of
worlds slaughter worlds
would rather bother than the other of slaughter natural world
writing. We write the enunciation of slaughter. We write its emancipation.
writing. i'm arguing anything primordial that, ongoing slaughters etc. 
years for ecoterrorism sheep to the slaughter endbook of the apocalypse 
years for ecoterrorism sheep to the slaughter sonic jihad music by azeem 
young the world would be slaughtered by neutron bombs or doomsday machines

 Recently, thinking about the _Panchatantra,_ I dreamed the
 Tibetan tantra, constructing the deity, which inolves illusion and empty
 particle tantra...
"Mandala is the impression of the feet." (Hevajratantra)
- The Panchatantra
Hevajratantra has given the basic list of 'twilight language.' These are 
Hevajratantra with its multiple bodies; it might be worth looking at the
She's dressed nude or blood-covered or organ-covered; she's tantra-fierce, 
Subject: What is tantra?