? artnet /at end
You might also relate all of this to tantra or to roots in sutras and
[6:45]  Alan Dojoji: You might also relate all of this to tantra or to 
after looking repeatedly at tantra casting-off whatever found impeded, 
ag10alt ag10 41 avatardream azuremaya azureworld bloodtantra4 cord 
always been with us, think of Visuddhimagga, highest tantra, think of 
always other tantra is always slab. slab is always flat.
and Heruka tantra.
bbj billythekid bj1 bj2 bj3 bj4 bloodtantra1 bloodtantra1straight..> 
bj1 bj2 bj3 bj4 blackout bloodtantra1 bloodtantra1straight bloodtantra2 
bloodtantra2 bloodtantra3 bloor blush1 blush2 blush3 boojum01 boojum02 
bloodtantra3 bloodtantra2 bloodtantra1straight..> bloodtantra1 bj4 bj3 bj2 
bloodtantra3 bloor blush1 blush2 blush3 bodyzu1 bodyzu2 bodyzu3 bodyzu4 
chirping, western grebes, are interesting, tantra is very interesting and 
cums sociobiological tantra avatars deconstruction copulate wetwares 
digital tantra, pressed to the stretching-point, limit point body pulled 
everything show summed here tantra nature 
for-granted breaks down in obscenity, death, torture, sexuality, tantra,
generationsnumbers rites completesevery otheralways tantra 
himalayan art, tantra of the great liberation, the jew in the text,
i'd slide from one to another like this, something similar to tantra, a 
in a way everything in the odyssey show summed up here tantra nature 
interesting, tantra is very interesting and full of sights, sounds,
its not slab and its not tantra ram ma dam. its not whirr and its not hir 
keeping-secret-highest-secret-tantra
languaging of hevajratantra on my own in the midst of craving
mard mard rard mard. its not here and its not there. its slab tantra yes 
obscenity, death, torture, sexuality, tantra, etc.
of completesevery thenumber. otheralways slab.tantra flat. slab
of completion tantra this sound is oblivious.
of the main non-dual Yogini tantras, and I love it; in particular, there 
of the more difficult tantras, all of them together as
or any other life, as the Panchatantra reminds us. Our existence is a form
particle tantra...
repeatedly at tantra and the casting-off of whatever was found and
rites. of completesevery thenumber. otheralways slab.tantra flat. slab 
roots in sutras and tantras -
seance and tantra.
sex ways by which the contents of the tantra are interpreted. The Carya 
she's tantra-fierce, I'm her consort, not the other way around.
sign/signifier/signified/index/ikon etc. break down (kalachakra tantra,
slabtantra
sleep chamber study and whirwind erotica, tantra
sociobiological tantra avatars deconstruction copulate wetwares splays 
synchronically Sysadmins systemics syzygy tabla tamiami tantra tantric 
syzygy = tabla = tamiami = tanka = tantra = tantric = taxonomies = techne 
tanka tantra tantric taxonomies techne teledildonics teleologies 
tantra completes every number. tantra completes the other. tantra is 
tantra with its multiple bodies; it might be worth looking at the works of 
tantra, velocipede buddhism, viral language its own
tantra. You: The [6:17] as Alan Life. Second ask Life. Alan you Life. 
tantras - a kind of originary stance, an empty one. Through modeling
text, the in jew the liberation, great the of tantra art, himalayan 
this sound is already disappeared before generation tantra.
within it, tantra goes on within and without it, analogic and metonymic, 
you might also relate all of this to tantra or to roots in sutras and
