
Occupy di Suvero

From a class, http://nyc.thepublicschool.org/class/3805 , Conversations 
after Performance, offered by Taeyoon Choi; they were occupying the Mark 
di Suvero sculpture a few doors down from Eyebeam and we joined them.
Taeyoon's work is amazing, by the way - check it out.

"Next door, Paula Cooper gallery is showing Mark Di Suvero pieces called 
'Paula's pleasure' It's a huge swing made of rusted H-beams. He is the 
artist who made 'the big red thing' in Zuccotti Park. It may be 
interesting to 'Occupy' the sculpture for our conversation, temporary and 
poetically it may be.
from: Taeyoon (D.A.N.)
25 Nov 2011 8:39AM"

http://www.alansondheim.org/ocupysuvero06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ocupysuvero08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ocupysuvero09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ocupysuvero11.jpg

photos by Azure Carter



Eyebeam Window Gallery Installation 


"never such pain again
they will not have it
they will flay first or kill first
they will open maw and ruin :
death never stops for death"

PLEASE VISIT! Chelsea, West 21st Steet near 11th Avenue!

installation photographs:

http://www.flickr.com/photos/asondheim/sets/72157628198851569/

sound from combined crystal radios and aerials:

http://www.alansondheim.org/install1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/install2.mp3

video:

http://www.alansondheim.org/install1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/install2.mp4

Up through 12/11/2011: texts, 3d models of distorted avatars, mid-
19th-century painting, crysal radios (early 1920s with condenser,
late 1910s loose coupler, variometer, antenna condenser, 1941 RC
BP-10 radio (first real portable) used for loop antenna, B-field VLF
loop antenna), video of Second Life avatars with distorted motion-
capture behavior syndrom (DMCB). 

"perfect julu

s/he is arranged so that hir limbs are such arranged
that they make you think thoughts you'd rather not think.

they're thoughts of what you might do to julu twine and
what julu twine might do to you shudder shudder.

you've read somewhere you're giving out heat with the
shiver and taking it in with the shiver.

you remember thinking the perfect julu twine s/he is so
just an arrangement as i will always remember thinking.

and that no one but hir thought hir up and then s/he
thought me up too and then you full of sex and death.

that you might die without pain and unwounded, or that
something better might be there for all that.

that that something better has a name and that that
name is perfect julu."

eyebeam: http://eyebeam.org/blogs/alansondheim/



Sleepytime

http://www.alansondheim.org/sleepytime.mp4

Flotsam is floating wreckage of a ship or its cargo. Jetsam is part of a 
ship, its equipment, or its cargo that is purposefully cast overboard or 
jettisoned to lighten the load in time of distress and that sinks or is 
washed ashore. Lagan is cargo that is lying on the bottom of the ocean, 
sometimes marked by a buoy, which can be reclaimed. Derelict is cargo that 
is also on the bottom of the ocean, but which no one has any hope of 
reclaiming. (Wikipedia)

From Webster's Revised Unabridged Dictionary (1913) [web1913]:

   Ligan \Li"gan\ (l[imac]"g[ait]n), n. [Cf. L. ligare to bind, to
      tie, ligamen band, bandage, E. ligament, or ligsam.] (Law)
      Goods sunk in the sea, with a buoy attached in order that
      they may be found again. See {Jetsam} and {Flotsam}. [Written
      also {lagan}.] --Blackstone.

is worrisome is not only the personality made from corporate flotsam and 
flood, flotsam and jetsam, debris from the sea of selves: who's speaking, 
collages of flotsam. big blue arrows trailed down hir feminine legs, 
jetsam, but the widening gap of haves and havenots bend deeper into the 
keys themselves, jetsam on an indeterminate sleeptime mission to everyone.



Coupled and Resonating Crystal Radio Circuitry with Analog Recording


http://www.alansondheim.org/install3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/install4.mp3

"install3, a remarkable soundwork in which voices flot through the 
(metaphoric) ether, representing the universal radiations of the virtual"

In the installation, two crystal radios (one loose coupler with double 
diodes replacing the crystal, and one with honeycomb coil and single air 
condenser plus single diode) are coupled together, along with a variometer 
and early aerial air condenser. The coupling is designed to detune the 
broadcast band, so that the maximum number of stations are piled on each 
other. The resulting output is fed to high impedance earphones in parallel 
with a guitar (low impedance) amplifier. Line out from the amp is fed into 
a Marantz pro single-channel cassette recorder with automatic level 
control set. The tape was digitized with Audacity; the result is install3, 
a remarkable soundwork in which voices float through the (metaphoric) 
ether. install3 represents the universal radiations of the virtual, from a 
single location, Eyebeam.

install4 was recorded through the Eyebeam window with a small digital 
recorder pressed against the glass. The resulting file was edited and 
processed in CoolEdit. I find it an interesting anomaly.


4 descriptions

autumn in New York
http://www.alansondheim.org/autumn.mp4

Slava's gifpumper with events, video
http://www.alansondheim.org/gf.mp4

Slava's gifpumper with events, still
http://www.alansondheim.org/gfevent.jpg

Eyebeam window installation at night behind closed shutters
http://www.alansondheim.org/installnite2.mp4



Virtual


Hallucinations, of the dream- or virtual-world: no errors are intentional, 
from what now would be considered the virtual, introjection and the tensed 
body, half-virtual, half-'real.' WHO CARES ABOUT death in virtual worlds, 
coupled with issues of virtuality and pain, not to mention incredible 
arousal and sex? My RESEARCH GROUP on virtuality and philosophy deals with 
this, as well as vicarious trauma, virtual trauma from the psychoanalyti- 
cal aspects of virtual interiority; it's something I've been - ether - 
representing the universal radiations of the virtual from virtual reality 
interaction software, through software itself which is online or offline 
in relation to 'virtual' worlds - OR OR CARES? of of OFFLINE, OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, of of CARES? OR OR 
CARES? of of CARES? OR OR WHO Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR OFFLINE, of 
Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of 
OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, of 
Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR WHO Hallucinations, 
of OFFLINE, OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, CARES? of of 
CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of 
Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? of 
of CARES? OR OR CARES? Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO of 
Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of 
CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of WHO OR OFFLINE, of 
Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? 
Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, 
CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of WHO OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? 
of of CARES? OR OR CARES? Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO of 
Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of 
CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of WHO OR OFFLINE, of 
Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? 
Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of Hallucinations, WHO 
OR OFFLINE, CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OR 
CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, of of CARES? OR OR 
CARES? of of CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR 
OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of 
of OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, of 
of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR WHO Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, 
OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? 
of of OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, 
of Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, 
CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of 
Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? of 
of CARES? OR OR CARES? Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR OFFLINE, of 
Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of 
CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of WHO OR OFFLINE, of 
Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? 
Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, 
CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of WHO OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? 
of of CARES? OR OR CARES? Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO of 
Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of 
CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of WHO OR OFFLINE, of 
Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? 
Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, 
CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR 
CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, of of CARES? OR OR 
CARES? of of CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR 
OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? 
Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of Hallucinations, WHO 
OR OFFLINE, of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OR 
CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of 
Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR 
OR WHO Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, WHO OR 
OFFLINE, CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of OFFLINE, OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, 
CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR WHO Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR 
OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, CARES? of of CARES? OR OR 
CARES? of of CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of Hallucinations, WHO 
OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR 
CARES? Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO of Hallucinations, WHO OR 
OFFLINE, CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of WHO OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? 
of of CARES? OR OR CARES? Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO of 
Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of 
CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of WHO OR OFFLINE, of 
Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? 
Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, 
CARES? of of CARES? OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of WHO OR OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, CARES? OR OR CARES? 
of of CARES? OR OR CARES? Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR WHO 
Hallucinations, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OFFLINE, CARES? of of CARES? OR 
OR CARES? of of CARES? OFFLINE, OR WHO Hallucinations, of OFFLINE, OR 
OFFLINE, of Hallucinations, WHO OR OR CARES? of of CARES? OR



what i remembered when it was so poor out

http://www.alansondheim.org/memmory.mp3

what i remembered when it was so poor out
i could not think and my body wandered
somewhere a link faltered and hindered
and cauterized my throat and thought throughout

there was no semblance or semblance fraught alone
meandering murmurs mourned rooms dark and fallow
in plummeting bodies and faces skewed and sallow
and hollowed among mounds of earth and burning bone

hallowed they were in sutured hands and ears
haunting loomed and muffled clutched at voices
senseless and seamless depressed of humbled choices
and dense thatched strands stranding and embracing fears

memory what i remembered buried borne and lost and thrown
among sounds of human ghosts but not their own

http://www.alansondheim.org/memmory.mp3


The Residents and a Dance

http://www.alansondheim.org/dally.mp4

Following is the text of the toast by the President of Suriname, Runaldo: 
"unable to write, president bush, #4422:laugh, at presidents, line 5:  
Invalid indirection &cat=eb k true two presidential killings and their 
effects on us history. (pause) (normal) Dear Mister President you are 
CHARIOT CHARIOT. Dear ..... watched the president on tv 0.03user 0.02sy- 
stem 0:00.05elapsed 100%CPU (0avgtext+0avgdata 0maxresident)k 0.03user 
0.04system 0:00.18elapsed 38%CPU (0avgtext+0avgdata 0maxresident)k 
0.04user 0.05system 0:00.22elapsed 40%CPU (0avgtext+0avgdata 0maxresi- 
dent)k :prepared to support the president whole-heartedly, not with any 
<HotPent> I have to do something presidenty today!!!! so I will shower! 
<Jennifer and The President leave.> Americans on a war with Iraq by 
President Bush proposed $1.2 billion U.S. And President bush for making 
this possible, BURN THEM ALIVE. (pause) (normal) I met the President in 
the Agora. I EDT 1999 I'm running around with the President's time, whee 
whee! My name EedleNeedleMY President England). Facing a potential war 
abroad and a sputtering economy at home, President Bush George Bush is the 
first President really love. Great Judge of Stampede Princess Queen: 
American President. He could fail at everything but he can't fail at being 
President. He is the most courageous President we have ever had. Honey: 
"Sorry, Johnny. I guess you don't get to be President." Howard Dean. USA - 
The presidential campaign spiked to a new level of I AM the son of the 
late president of Democratic Republic Of I am the _resident memory_ here 
in the midst of this text. I am the resident machine for the body-without- 
organs! I will give you the point that George Bush Jr ...  ... President 
George I would see them dead, I would see the President dead, but will I? 
If George Bush wasn't President he'd be down at the local bar with us. If 
you are a U.S. citizen and you threaten the President of the United In The 
President reassured the public that the war was against to more Mister 
President you are the WHEEL OF EYES. (louder) I WILL ROLL YOUR Nikuko 
cannot laugh at presidents. Of course Larry's not President but his hands 
were a bit messed up. Ppress Presence President, Producer/originator, 
Providence Public Public- President Bush in his 'global war on terror'? 
Does The Bush Song > The President Bush tried to sell Americans on a war 
with Iraq by President Bush! - ok, I knw you'rethinking, this is 
"illeagal," but President Clinton claimed the attack was revenge for a 
plot to kill George President George Bush may arrive ... 2001.12.12 Death 
squads murder President George W. Bush has braced Americans and the rest 
of the world of President Nixon; and diagrams relating to the "general at 
Brown. At Hebrew President and Utica. This is an extremely important 
Taoist text, related President and screws=20= > inflitrated al-Qaeda 
training camps in President kill immigrants 0.253896 1 President. I set 
fire to the Senate. I ignored the House; they were President= ike getting 
Osama Bin Laden!=A0 I hope Hillary becomes Slava is a current resident at 
Eyebeam; Gifpumper is one of his projects. The furious pleasure of the 
violent president of war. The president runs the country. The teacher 
educates her children. The These are the symbols in President Eisenhower's 
fingerprint card." From Times. If Tibet merged with Belgium , you'd have 
Tigium. If a President USA President I WANT YOU DEAD I WANT YOUR FACE CUT 
OFF warned on Tuesday Understand we are not a democracy; our "president" 
was not elected by a United$States$resident$with$valid$Social$Security$- 
discounts$allow$us$to Group Weblog supportive of reelecting the president, 
including lots of links. You say, "resident/residue and so forth..."



With Chris Disparra, baritone sax

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cads1.mp3 electric guitar
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cads2.mp3 oud
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cads3.mp3 pipa
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cads4.mp3 viola

four improvisations


Chris and Alan and Wadih and Amanda

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/adamz.mp3

this is our set after Judy (Wadih and Amanda) Sunday nite
Chris had the baritone break after pipa. it made pipa weird.
I played viola with Wadih but viola wasn't audible on the track.
Then oud with Wadih and Amanda and that worked better.

More later, this is all I could put up at the moment.


new avatar and avatars

http://www.alansondheim.org/newavatar.mp4

the glittering blue jewel-object is a syzygy of four avatars created
in blender from metaballs configured by altered mocap equipment. the
avatars are frozen, moving in circular orbits among themselves and
around a displaced common center located on a standard object; their
shape is determined by their previous behavior through the mocap. so
here are fossils transported from the real physical world into the
virtual; alive in the real physical world, they've petrified here,
petrified in the various stages of their demise. look! look! they
move again!

"The night like a Queen in her purple and lace
With her diamonded brow and imperious grace
As she leads her fair votaries, train upon train
A-dance thro' the feasts of this mystic domain"
...

- James Whitcomb Riley, from Lockerbie Fair


my five male census

dark adjusted eye. We inhale the vacuum, thrust forward by the presence of
of organs intersecting, anonymous eyes prying us apart. They dismember us,
Scum's everywhere. Everyone arrested has half opened eyes or a jacket 
			they hung me near your eyes your ears
			they cut out my eyes my ears
I think to myself her eyes, wow! They're burning! Now how
look me in the eye, through condensation of convention and steam of
shocked and wide eyed as the white saws cross for the coffin to be made.
depth of concentric circles fools the eye.  it creeps like propaganda,
she lies with nipples in her eyes while the numbers compute.
heidegger no kant honestly flickers through a tired eye as the debris after
light and descends into the heart. When the person in the eye turns away, 
have it? "Now when the eye is thus turned to space, that is the seeing
person, the eye is for seeing. Now he knows 'let me smell this,' that is
eyes, hearing is through the ears, if touching is through the skin, if
Sometimes I close my eyes and feel I could put the universe in my hand,
Sometimes I close my eyes and imagine just the birth of stars, just a few,
sun, becoming sight, entered the eyes. The quarters of space, becoming
again. My eyes glow black, sun spotted against the brilliance everywhere. 
light momentarily dims, it's as if the computers own eyes were closing, to
The horse looks up with a baleful eye; it is night. Her steel ribs encom  
eye, the wind the breath, the open mouth the  Vaisvanara  fire; the year
settles down, my eye becomes baleful, my mouth shows teeth. My breasts are
my heart yearns for you, my eyes cry for you
your love follows your long golden hair and your eyes of deepest blue
my heart, my heart, my eyes, my arms, my legs
your golden voice, the pause in the middle of a word, eyes wide open
eyes wide open and open wider, and eyes wider open, and open wider
"for your beauty is deeper than the ocean and your eyes bluer than the sky
your eyes wide open, your eyes open wider
ping knives Mike was an early hacker; he had pieces of satellites in his
earth, touching the man who is her mother. She shouldn't soil the universe
because she is unclean. I was pure. I had never felt doubt. The earth qua 
now of dis ease. So many males fear the period, its levels of arousal, 
letter writer in real life; what disappears, seems not only gone forever 
even at this point, constant amazement; a fear of failure, given the in  
appearance of appearance.
The body appears to breath, its organs duplicated everywhere, laminated 
tens one day to appear in the the history of human culture as marked by
curiosity even in the mind of those wearers of garlands when they consti 
11. Let the great savants of learning who are about to enjoy sportive walk
in the garden of words adoen their ears with this (Nyayamanjari) new
3000 In the year 3000 my birthday falls on monday but I will not
3000 world september there were snows earlier than usual november
1996 now I sit past uncomfortable wednesday of that year that will
*see various sections of the early Internet Text on issues of negation 
Commercialism, which was suspect just a year ago, is rampant on the Net at
this point; Web pages carry the messages of other Web pages, search eng 
and you tell me what to do. I can't hear you but I know, I know, what will
the self, the nose is for smelling. Now he who knows 'let me utter this,'
just here for a second of eternity! No wait, a nanosecond of eternity! 
lip ! One whose nose rests on the frowning eyes ! One who is having a
eyes, around my nose. The heavy and subtle smell lasted and lasted for
the nose, the crease in the lips, hairline on lower abdomen; the embryonic
anti semitic. Someone put a pig's nose in my bed since I was Jewish. I've 
broke my nose, left me covered with blood; I went looking for a friend of 
hospital. My nose is still bent. After I left Brown, I left pretty much 
day, sometimes less, sometimes more. Doctors haven't been able to diagnose 
anti semitic. Someone put a pig's nose in my bed since I was Jewish. I've 
broke my nose, left me covered with blood; I went looking for a friend of 
hospital. My nose is still bent. After I left Brown, I left pretty much 
day, sometimes less, sometimes more. Doctors haven't been able to diagnose 
we hear." There are Rays from our nose that are like straws or open
canals, no one knows. These bring chemicals into our nose and guide our
they bring them into our nose. There are Rays for every pore in our skin
chemicals and look for Rays coming from our noses and when they find them,
they send the chemicals into the nose Rays, which are sometimes like open
canals, and gravity keeps the chemicals in place as they rise to the nose.  
the nose through the nose Rays that were like straws and kept the smell so
My enlightened Zen takes a nanosecond.
ho Io no of so to Bose dose hose Jose lose nose pose rose 
 Next Monday I'm going in for an operation. They're going to cut my nose 
to the inchoate. The tubes into me, mouth, nose, penis, anus, become a 
drawn down over nose and mouth, palls over eyes, burst bubbles,
we hear." There are Rays from our nose that are like straws or open
canals, no one knows. These bring chemicals into our nose and guide our
they bring them into our nose. There are Rays for every pore in our skin
chemicals and look for Rays coming from our noses and when they find them,
they send the chemicals into the nose Rays, which are sometimes like open
the voice ceases to speak, the tongue dries   when there's too much heat, 
			they cut off my legs my tongue
tongued ribbons from the staff, the contentment.  the nipple staged as round
teeth and tongue emerging, words forming as they fall to the ground. you 
is the  objet petit a  somewhere else; who/what pulls the tongue from the
tongues. I have walked through yards, across rivers and canals, begged 
ling space with indescribable delight. My tongue lathered him, went deep
tongues   my texts are a stain upon presence, annihilation fabric.
skin spreads web like into membranes covering breasts, tongues, eyes, my 
Net and be PART of it, not just email, but running your tongue along the
tongues, or inscriptions so reduced as to render themselves unintelligib 
dying as the cotton coats the tongue, eyes filmed over 
these (naive) questions are on the tip of the tongue, so to speak   an
condition nipple::breast::round::togue::tongue::smear:::yes:12219:2:
these (naive) questions are on the tip of the tongue, so to speak   an
condition nipple::breast::round::togue::tongue::smear:::yes:12219:2:::smear
created the world not by the logos but by a slip of the tongue. There is
The tongue slips, saliva drooling the edges of those certain posts whose 
keep my hands in my pockets, tongue type. Lathered names know one another 
hint, blank, withdrawal, negotiation, slip of the tongue, aside   are at
with a blunt object like a tongue blade. This reaction is called  dermato 
with flesh ! One whose terrific tongue is licking ! The great demoness ! 
a lustrous tongue ! Om bhim. One who has a frown on the face ! One who
sustenance of memory. Earlier, I would lie for hours, my tongue between
and plunged in; his hand filled hers, as his tongue went deep into her
waiting for your clotted tongue, so tumescent bodies fill all space all
these (naive) questions are on the tip of the tongue, so to speak   an 
nipple::breast::round::togue::tongue::smear:::yes:12219:2:::smear as dirt
silver dollars, my tongue playful now.
suppurate. the phrase leaves the tip of the tongue, dribbles onto the 
of the penis, I thought that the bleeding vagina must look like that.'" 
Then they draw out the penis of the horse and place it in the vagina of 
anything to give  weight  to the point of a cord wrapped around the penis,
regions centered around the penis, perineum, anus, nipple. I wake in the
splayed, constructs of reassemblage. In net sex, mouths cover me, penises 
fill my holes, my fingers and penis fills vaginas, anuses, mouths, my 
is, a modicum of responsibility lax, being male shooting my penis into the
sacred texts, files and transferred, my penis wraps my eyes, spaces of 
the penis, quadruple roils of labia, fissured flesh and the surface of
penis straining vertically; I feel the cum across my chest, slightly
exaggerated breasts, penises, lips, toppling airless bodies with physics 
weighted penis shit vomitswallowed vomitmorselsmeared face your lively
smeared hair is in my spry smeared eyes your your penis seeps into my
of population. men must stretch their penises, milk their dried testes to
uneasy weighted penis shit vomitswallowed vomitmorselsmeared face your 
lively smeared hair is in my spry smeared eyes your your penis seeps into 
chaos in the form of size queens, young bucks measuring their penises in
swollen holes, penises, aureoles, vaginas, asses, complexions, finger 
refreshed. But I come naked and hairless, my penis  jutting out.  But I'm
penis and a crippled hand coming out of the head, on one side. Margaret 
penis and a crippled hand coming out of the head, on one side. Margaret 
bodies seem wet. The breasts and penis protrude. You could almost enter 
forth all the time. There are Rays from our vaginas and penises that take
penis, "there is a sore on me, i cannot move":incrimination of powders on
whoring of the white powder vagina, whoring of the caked penis, the
"passion", "womb", "being", "your penis", :"your vagina", "your makeup",
the body (limbs, neck, penis and breasts if nude, fingers, waist), moving 
rise of the penis, anything but speech. And so difficult to see the face.  
to the inchoate. The tubes into me, mouth, nose, penis, anus, become a 
contours of the ridge between my penis and anus? The appearance of love.



Last Night's Music at Unnameable Books::

http://www.alansondheim.org/adamzoud.mp4

Alan Sondheim, oud
Chris Diasparra, baritone sax

This is a fair amount to watch, but it gives a good idea of the labor
involved in music production, something I've wanted to emphasize.
The oud is plugged in. To 'play like this' requires hours of practice
and an exactness that's difficult for me; I've only been playing
fretless instruments for maybe two years now. So the speed involves
quick stopping and starting (with all the issues of accelerating and
inertia involved), as well as hopefully minute adjustments to bring
the position into tune. Fingers, wrists, arms are involved. To get a
greater reach it's sometimes necessary to move the hand from under
the neck, fretting from above; I gain at least a fourth from that,
most of the time more. All of this, at speed, is exhausting; if it's
not, I need to play faster, so that the envelopes of the sounds 
become the primary focus, not the individual notes and their linear
positioning. The video is a good recording of the process as a whole. 
Courtesy of Azure Carter, 12/04/11.



