
last of the great landscapes

http://www.alansondheim.org/platelets.mp4


Remnants from the first performance day, Eyebeam

http://www.flickr.com/photos/asondheim/sets/72157628674059501/
Azure performing Language

http://www.alansondheim.org/langue.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/vv.mp4

setting up, warm-ups, experiments

WITH FOOFWA D'IMOBILITE, AZURE CARTER, MARK SKWAREK, ALAN SONDHEIM



Weight: Eyebeam Performance

http://www.alansondheim.org/weight.mp4

performer/choreographer: Foofwa d'Imobilite
ken bau player and avatar: Alan Sondheim

"Foofwa's performance is brilliant but I had to prove
to Jackson I can play a woodwind" - Alan Sondheim

"Ken Bau - The Vietnamese conical double reed with 
either a gourd or metal bell. It is related to the 
Chinese so-na which came from the Middle Eastern 
zurna."

thanks to Eyebeam, Mark Skwarek, Azure Carter



Performance at EYEBEAM, Thursday - Saturday

Performance at EYEBEAM, Project Space, Thursday 5th - Saturday 7th
If you're in the vicinity, drop in at Eyebeam, 540 West 21st Street,
anytime between 3 and 6, where Eyebeam resident Alan Sondheim will
be performing with Foofwa d'Imobilite, and guest performers Azure
Carter, Mark Skwarek, and Chris Diasparra. The work ranges over a 
wide variety of technologies and concerns, ranging from endurance,
weight, labor, and Second Life, to dance, choreography, acoustic
performance, and mixed reality. This is an informal presentation,
not a formal performance. It's free. We hope to see you there.
(W. 21st Street near 11th Avenue)



Wonderful video segments from day3, Eyebeam performance

http://www.alansondheim.org/day3.mp4
Foofwa d'Imobilite, performance/choreography
Azure Carter, performance
Alan Sondheim, oud, sound, video

	  language, shattered by your     langue, a bris? par ta
read, whether or not absorbed or comprehended. The hysteria of langue 
the subject, much as Lacan's langue permits the insertion of the _I_ as
closest one can com/e to langue, to tongue, a movement always in escape 
Cinema is not a universal or primitive language system ('langue') nor
tue of the sememe, the domain of langue. The latter as domain or place is
proach; reading _me,_ no longer language, langue, parole, word, speech,
tongue" (langue) - which appear, are apparent, only by virtue of reconsti-
user's _langue,_ domain of enunciation. The reading of the file is the
tongue! [_langue_ - editor]
as-ululation from and beyond the tongue, LaLangue, Julu Lalangue, born
within the continent of Asian Europe, died and buried, Julu Lalangue who
pull out - it's still decipherable, but barely. the langue turns languor-
therefore both eternal and ephemeral, langue and parole.:it is the nature
landscape/langue-scape -
speak your langue you veut elevateur my skirt. i au a little
Anyway so is it this, the body/movement/fame/sex/langue/truth/teen/wave no
parole, not langue. Thus and grace of God and man. it's possible managed a 
it's tongue and langue and lung simultaneously, clothed in the body of 
Worlds, Angels, Avatars, as-ululation tongue, LaLangue, Lalangue, born 
of = cia==. in the passage from one material user's langue, domain of =c
the man; in this sense the dictionary is parole, not langue. Thus and 
platitude, pur. dhamman saranam gacchami langue parole langage
|   |   langue



Magic Door to Infinity

http://www.alansondheim.org/magicdoor.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/doorway1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/doorway2.png

Magic Door to Infinity
Magic Door to Infinite Reality
Magic Door to the Magic Kingdom
Magic Door to Another World
Magic Door to Another Time
Magic Door to an Alternative Universe
Magic Door to Mixed Realities
Magic Door to the Self
Magic Door to Magic Doors

Alan Sondheim, Foofwa d'Imobilite
Fourth day at Eyebeam


creatures GREAT ANd small

http://www.alansondheim.org/creatures.mp4

http://www.flickr.com/photos/asondheim/sets/72157628739185893/

every day we learn something new and are very happy
we are growing day by day and producing wonderful work
we are always bettering ourselves and reaching for the stars
every day new plateaus become old plateaus and launching pads
we are miracles and we create miracles
every day there are new wonders and we are so excited
every day our beauty flowers in our works and wonderful new worlds

Eyebeam, Day 5 performance, with Azure Carter, Foofwa d'Imobilite, 
Mark Skwarek, and Alan Sondheim

Thank you, Eyebeam



To Last

http://www.alansondheim.org/tolast.mp4

Foofwa with mocap wounded avatar
day six: sound/video Alan



frolicking


frolicking in the folds and plains of skin revealed to their tiny eyes.
this is the swimming and frolicking at the beach scene
fro frock frog frolic from front frontage frontal frontier frontiersman
this is the swimming and frolicking at the beach scene
baroque frolicked traffic waves catalina solitons youngsters desire 
frolicbelle's  stratagem  brothers  
romping, cavorting, gamboling, frolicking, frisking
among all of this, Nikuko flies, swoops, cavorts, in nowhere, among an 
cavorts, in nowhere, among an underground mathesis gone wild, presented 
romping, cavorting, gamboling, frolicking, frisking
among all of this, Nikuko flies, swoops, cavorts, in nowhere, among an 
Jennifer: Is that an elk gamboling in our midst?
romping, cavorting, gamboling, frolicking, frisking
Jennifer: Is that an elk gamboling in our midst?

I love you for these sentences. I love the sound and spring of them. I 
love the community of herbivores in the moonlight, in the sunlight. I love 
the dance and the sound of the dance, so many hooves, so many feet. The 
way these are written, and the way these are read, full of love, not of 
death, full of that ecstatic moment in the midst of the air where the 
universe splits, no longer seems senseless. I love you for this feeling, 
this universe full of sense and intention, full of eternity and stories, 
and the stories full of the telling for all time. And I love you for 
everything boundless and bountiful, replete with the knowledge of soaring, 
with the springing of soaring, with its frolicking, gamboling, and 
cavorting. In the time of the beautiful weather of the universe. In the 
fullness of time.



Last day today


http://www.alansondheim.org/breaktime.mp4
Today was the best day ever, incredible performances:
Chris Diasparra, baritone sax
Foofwa d'Imobilite, dance and choreography
Azure Carter, dance, choreography, and song
Mark Skwarek, augmented reality
Alan Sondheim, video, flute, ken bau, cura cumbus, oud

We went continuously for three hours, changing audio, video,
instrumentation, choreographies

Then we crashed and broke the mold, watching in Second Life 
a recap of what we did, in a decathected setting
so many hours after we left the scene - both real and virtual
and somewhere in-between or outside any conceivable reality!
We can't put the original 3 hr performance up; it's over 100
gigabytes and downloading for a WEEK!

So what you're seeing is just a warmup after twenty minutes
of arriving - setting video/audio levels for the first piece!



Last Day from Foofwa's Terrific Camera, Two Excerpts


http://www.alansondheim.org/day7a.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/day7b.mp4

with Chris Diosparra, Foofwa d'Imobillite, Alan Sandheim,
Azur Cartier, Mark Swawreck

of course really like these excerpts; they were pulled
from three hours of continuous performance. Enjoy!
the last posting from this session. past recordings
were collapsed as background, and active mixed reality
backgrounds were transformed. the themes I wanted to
pursue, earlier on, dealing with distortion, pain,
ecstasy, etc. were more dominant, as were methods for
dealing with exhaustion and (in my case) sickness.



lucca


http://www.alansondheim.org/lucca.mp4

juAlus nikIukof I calOantraUvisld juAluccalOanmplnikIukosh thjennEifer
juAlus nikIukof I calOantraUvisld juAluccalOanmplnikIukosh thjennEifer
vea lucca tunges vea lucca
v-ir-bb v-oi-dd w-avea-jj w-aveb-jj w-ave-dd w-ing-bb w-oll-bb w-orld-aa 
"Wherefore as from _cavum_ 'hollow' come _cavea_ 'cavity,' and _caullae_
somethingsolid.We'reghostsinthemiddleofdarkmatter,andwe'vea
glassMOABiMOAB-2iveap9.diaMOAB8PMMOAB0MOABMOAB/u/3/g/glass/.article 
emergency	kindle		finely		veal
morgand morrigan msotor01 mtxmetz murray mw35 mzpm nativeagent neekaa80
asterixlovealan the asterix my work danny the dash perhaps this could 
v-ir-bb v-oi-dd w-avea-jj w-aveb-jj w-ave-dd w-ing-bb w-oll-bb w-orld-aa 
haveanti-un-frm..-frm showed.  vea's a x,129 
tage, unlinkage, mucilage, walkage, moveage, loginage. Oh look I am so me 
eveanimalds-dmageve-owyops-ahowy-yah-rdmsah-awlinga-ldsah-crylds-canimalds
Wherefore.as.from._cavum_.'hollow'.come._cavea_.'cavity,'.and._caullae_
vea lucca tunges vea lucca
berber, dance and sexuality dancing, vea adopting anita berber poses 
crowded loftspace; stripped of all audience, vea adapting herself to anita 
berber poses, eyes half-open, vea adept at 
vea, apt at anita berber, wearing ab-patent-skin, fixated on anita berber 
night trance dance in dawndusk morning, mourning, vea, addaft anita 
Vea, Crying Out
Vea, Singing Hir Song




In the ratio of the absolute, one loses everything.

(Modified from Artaud)

http://www.alansondheim.org/ovatar.mp4 abstracted avatars
orbiting and immobilized in a virtual world

In the
the ratio
ratio of
of the
absolute, one
one loses
loses everything.
everything.
In


                     Artaud)  Artaud)  from In (Modified everything.  the 
ratio loses one of the absolute, the the absolute, the of one loses ratio 
the everything.  (Modified In from Artaud)  Artaud)  Artaud)  Artaud)  
from (Modified In the everything.  loses ratio of one absolute, the 
absolute, absolute, the absolute, one of ratio loses everything.  the In 
(Modified from Artaud)  Artaud)  Artaud)  Artaud)  from In (Modified 
everything.  the ratio loses one of the absolute, the the absolute, the of 
one loses ratio the everything.

(Modified   In  




kyber house

http://www.alansondheim.org/kyber0.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/kyber1.mp4

i vomit up 'kyber' in reference to the clean and proper projection
i have no proper name, no capital reference
there is always a machine devouring what meanders before us
it is always the cold light of a dawn foreclosed
let's say a future anterior dawn already commingling with a night
the night is black like dust
the dance is lost in the black night the night is mechanical
the dance is lost in mechanism the electronic night
this is the hall of performance the hall of inhabiting and code

the body is invaded by the light
the body is transformed into an inconceivable, uncanny object
inside the object, the mind strains and stretches
the muscle memory is wounded in the clear light of kyber
kyber is that object once occupied by depression
kyber is the future that one performs within and against
the body is light like dust
the muscle is lost in the white night the body is supple and decaying
the body sings its decay with its hoarse voice the body falls
the body falls nowhere the body falls into kyber

where is the performer before the projection within the projection
within the projection behind the projection the performer thrives
i am kyber i pay homage to the performer 
i am kyber i pay homage to the dust of night and day
to the performer i am kyber i will be kyber
to the dust of night and day i am kyber i will be kyber
kyber is project not projection kyber falls nowhere
kyber is inside the object kyber is inside the mind


what the oud was doing

http://www.alansondheim.org/kyber2.mp4

the oud was making sound behind the performance space
in front of the performance space behind the viewers
the magic of wires and speakers
the articulated magic of mixers and piezoelectrics
'i don't want to be known as a percussionist, but as an
oud player who utilizes percussion as if he's playing
pipa in the martial style,' 'then descending to mountains
and butterflies'
it's that same alien landscape spewing everywhere
it's that cold light, lcd/led, the light that kills things
nothing can grow in the magic alien cold-light killing field
the oud was saying that and the legs were dancing
the arms were dancing too


on Karma and spaces of possibility

http://www.alansondheim.org/dreamfield1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/dreamfield2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/dreamfield3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/dreamfield4.jpg

on Karma, saving a small insect - I was drinking coffee from a mug 
tonight and noticed a small insect - gnat-like, about 1/5" long at
most, very thin, almost invisible, struggling in the coffee. after
a struggle, I got him out on a spoon, then on a white cloth; we
thought s/he might be able to towel off, since the coffee had almond
milk in it. Azure then removed hir to a small piece of paper, and 
brought hir to the base of a basil plant. s/he remained on the 
paper, walking around. after about a half hour, I blew lightly on 
the paper and s/he flew off. meanwhile, recently, I've been bitten 
and I think it's the work of the same insect. so we have a new 
wonder in our place, one almost invisible, unless s/he becomes 
trapped once again. on day zero of working, we were trapped with a
blank screen and infinite possibilities, in the Eyebeam Project
Space. I photographed the blank, I photographed Foofwa against it,
transforming a non-occurrence into an event. the event blossomed
and no one was injured. I became sick during the week with a bad
cough, preparing me for the meditation and quietude necessary to
save the insect. now s/he is flying somewhere, I'm sure, nearby,
and I'm bringing the dreamfield series to fruition. there's no karma
in this, no message, just a series of small and delicate motions. in
two or three weeks, Monika Weiss and I will perform in the same 
pace, and I'm gathering some materials for a table, a small black
stupa brought back from Nepal for me, a book on the Rwandan genocide,
the hegelung and or one or more hasapi. the world is a skein, 
constantly and insistently dying, and we create, we can create, only
the tiniest of barriers; for a moment, things are thrown out of
equilibrium, and a new and temporary plateau is reached. my materials
will inhabit the table, Foofwa and light inhabited the Project Space,
and the tiny insect lives with us, now and forever. may I provide a
decent meal!


debris, dawning

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/oudday1.mp3
left over from day1 performance; somehow the sound was
transformed into something unworldly and beautiful
http://www.alansondheim.org/dawning.mp4
left over from the performance materials, here for the color
it's the central gate that fascinates me, holds me
it's the same light over the Matterhorn I do believe



Les Daniels


http://www.alansondheim.org/ld.jpg

Les Daniels died; he was a roommate of mine at the Large Lime commune
in Providence, an unbelievable old-time banjo player, comic researcher
and artist extraordinaire, amazing thinker, vampire novel writer, and
fellow Brown grad student. I met him in a course on the 19th-century
novel. We were starting with Gulliver's Travels and the first thing he
asked was whether "Gulliver's Travels was a novelistic allegory or 
allegorical novel?". Both he and I started laughing hysterically; the 
rest of the class discussed the issue for two weeks. I loved him. 

Maybe it was "Green Lime" but it wasn't "Large Green Lime." The back
of the house was taken down, board by board, to burn in the fireplace; 
we had no heat. The electric went out, sparking socket after socket.
There was no sewage line, but the basement was filled with lime to
handle the overflow. We stopped paying rent altogether when we 
figured out the house was 'owned' by a dummy corporation connected to
the mob. The mother next door was feeling LSD to her baby. We had
two cats and loudspeakers on ten-foot stands to blow electric guitar
out the windows. The building was torn down. 

Les was amazing; at one point he put his girlfriend's furniture out
on the lawn and I remember him being taken away by the police after
trying to pry a crucifix off a Providence church, yelling "You've 
suffered long enough!". He played furious banjo I think once in 
Cambridge and was taken away after his solo went on and on, he was
lying on his back and wouldn't stop. He was so damn brilliant. I
hated Brown but loved him and loved Providence. It's a lot safer 
now. The photo here has no relevance at all. You can buy his books
on Amazon and Abe. In five billion years the sun will turn into a
white dwarf surrounded by a planetary nebula. We'll all be there. 



passing, passage


http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/passing.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/passage.mp3

passing, those who have passed, they have turned back,
they have turned around, they have this harmony, this one time,
these many times, they have, for those who have passed and
this one time, they have turned

passage, for neither a break nor a moment's rest have they,
they have continued, they have thought until their bones were
broken, until their minds among them, disappearing, no longer
this one melody, breathless, this one time, they have turned
and turned, the pipa rising among the buddhas, we have heard
there are engines in the empty air, in the air distraught, 
they furiously pass, they furiously play themselves, appearing,
among them, among one or none of them, nothing of them, until
there were, no longer, of them or among them, they have risen,
they are rising, they shall have risen, they will have risen,

among the engines in the empty air, there are engines in the empty air




darkling


http://www.alansondheim.org/darkling.mp4

set of darkling images -

http://www.flickr.com/photos/asondheim/sets/72157628888072903/

i'm not home yet, i'm not home at all, i'm not yet home
the virtual transformed into internal psychoanalytical strata
somewhere there are chemicals at work in their productions
on the desk, Tibetan prayer wheel and stupa, Tibetan gau,
Intimate Enemy - Images and Voices of the Rwandan Genocide,
charred distorted avatars printed from stl files,
hasapi and hegelung perhaps, i'm not sure, notes somewhere,
pieces of paper, maybe number two pencil
what does it mean when an inviolable emotional plateau appears,
 when the skin of the plateau is your own skin or your own skin
 attached to someone else's, taut like a drumhead or loose
 like a cadaver
i can't get over the loss of my body tomorrow or a bit longer
the door closes the human race disappears so does the sun
i can think of protons running around they can't think of me
just a bit longer before the virtual disappears as well
i want the neolithic or some stones engraved forever
they have the symbol, which i've just discovered
it contains my soul and i will live forever
somewhere i've got an alphabet, wait a minute or two
and so forth, but we have just a few hours to perform
three and a half billion years ago, stromatolites lived
 in warm seas with plenty of nutrients, they didn't wait for
 anything, not even the split between among fungi and some
 small versions of motility
a few thousand years from now, no more humans, 
 very little else, i'm thinking micro-organisms everywhere
this performance is on the cusp of enormous duration
i, who am about to die, salute you, the earth rises up
 to meet me, i was and wasn't expecting this just now




oh these are AMAZING miracles! *


http://www.alansondheim.org/north.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/north1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/north2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/north3.png

* of memories of North American surrealism, early AE as well!
I can't get over the fact that these organisms are ALIVE!
they're as alive as my enunciation, now, here, ABSOLUTELY!
they live in the ARCTIC!
they live, ASTONISHINGLY!



culling holocaust culling

his poetry of elegy and holocaust related to the pure red-dust tomorrow, 
holocaust city "his poetry of elegy and holocaust related to the pure milk 
skin memories "we attempt to flee the holocaust, *they begin here. looking 
out over holocaust city, wires everywhere* - forgotten names - names from 
holocausts - dance to stay alive - holocaust come, every day we await the 
nuclear holocaust to come, jennifer said. everywhere i live seems like a 
holocaust that i bring with me. fading and i fear nuclear holocaust, 
incipient fascism already on the horizon, and i in this or other groping 
holocaust. laura taught because holocaust paul audio autobiography 10 11 
100 101 110 plutonium world open vector yesterday holocaust neck. i 
plutonium world they're always cock, chthonic. holocaust. stare message. 
lullabies. east we checked our demographies we were at the center of the 
holocaust we aaaa began his poetry of elegy and holocaust related to the 
pure milk almost americans god now alone prayer human holocaust. return 
the earth alone pray for good music human holocaust. return the earth 
thought myself and alone americans prayer the human i plutonium world 
holocaust. say. and peoples intermingle holocausts destroy base and 
superstructure like autobiography audio paul holocaust because taught 
laura exhaustion taught because it is mixed with the blood of the 
holocaust. began his poetry of elegy and holocaust related to the pure 
red-dust broken by deconstruction, holocaust, the implosion of 
information. the chthonic. holocaust. there i plutonium world hidden stare 
message. into could anyone think --- > that it was 15 years after the 
holocaust, how dust, an institution attempting to record those who died in 
the holocaust. eaten-holocaust, names drank world-wide, drunk-holocaust. 
me tell excuses. embraces swallowed holocaust detritus embraces the 
plasma, is swallowed by holocaust, dissolves in detritus. for holocaust - 
and victims' guilt bears fate handout heave hecatomb hoard holdings 
holocaust sacrifice his poetry of elegy and holocaust related to the pure 
milk skin memories holocaust jennifer come, every this this no no time 
time for for holocaust contin holocaust every few decades. holocaust 
happen of but hurricane when. and holocaust plutonium. hurricane holocaust 
hurricane tornado. fierce open water tornado, blizzard, tsunami, holocaust 
of the truth, that the sutures are thinned almost to invisi- holocaust of 
the truth, that the sutures are thinned and broken dust holocaust of wind 
- inconceivable fragility of the good - the world of holocaust to the 
earth with blinding indifference" holocaust us of united states the attack 
states medina will anti arab holocaust us. of united states the attack 
states medina. will anti-arab holocaust. holocaust. washington c. d. will 
c. be annihilated a weapon. d. holocausts without number. we let others do 
it and do it to us. we do it i think we are living in the holocaust. i 
really do. others, too, think of in these holocaust times of the end of 
the twenty-first is the holocaust david cross' stupid it because it is 
mixed with the blood of the holocaust. it will happen but when. holocaust 
hurricane tornado. fierce open water lyric poetry, perhaps no poetry, 
after the holocaust, that other holocaust margaret curtis smu emory p 
regional seminar skin holocaust my filmwork me without excuses. we without 
might we drunk-holocaust. might don't you. moment panic realizing today 
2006 tour judea propaganda 15 years holocaust name, an institution 
attempting to record those who died in the holocaust. no victims of the 
future holocaust nuclear holocaust has seemed to me, not only a 
possibility, but a legacy, punctum, special holocaust, rwandan, jew, 
armenia, of future holocaust we respond. the original acts themselves were 
their physiologies, extreme insomnia and violent nightmares, the holocaust 
of poetry, perhaps no poetry, after the holocaust, that other holocaust 
that raging earth, holocausts to come, apocalypse to follow - taking from 
the religion every await day the we nuclear await holocaust nuclear come, 
split-second holocausts are among us tending towards material violence, 
the impending holocaust-to-come. that it was 15 years after the holocaust, 
how could anyone think the substance of the gulag or tattooed holocaust. 
this is the way the world trade center worked just like the holocaust as 
through the holocaust, mined pit-craters everywhere, turned/toiled iron to 
suicidal. was 363c363 < that it was 15 years after the holocaust, how 
twenty-three. and drops is holocaust i becoming will iron. is plutonium. 
us into the holocaust what are constant deaths what are nikuko, amerika, 
usual. the own this life's text, exempt, not country's the holocaust the 
very least, pre-atomic bomb, holocaust, television and radio she began in 
was was my of it local the it it local holocaust nuclear the the has not 
were the holocaust. we knew one or two might escape we were prepared for 
whether weapon. and happen armed hurricane holocaust nightmare holocaust 
who brought their own keelless canoe i 214c214 < nuclear holocaust has 
will silent not with lead cries. the holocaust last last earth upon winds 
and holocausts, male and female sacks and wheels, strokes of red women), 
no doubt. building blocks of the holocaust just as online worst holocaust 
resurrect lived but furious for will enemy. a not fire



WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE?

blue sky could be filled with anything

http://www.alansondheim.org/CLOUDLESS.mp4

filled with clouds. CLOUDLESS.
not 'the cloud' - i.e. 'STORE YOUR DATA IN THE CLOUD.'
but 'a cloud' - i.e. 'STORE YOUR DATA IN MY CLOUD.'
'DON'T STORE YOUR DATA IN THEIR CLOUD.'
too much of this! clouds aren't clouds: they're corporate
repositories! they're physical locations, hardware,
servers and routers and hard drives OWNED BY CORPORATIONS!
more lies and a language of obfuscation!
there is no 'cloud' in my sky.
if there were, it would be 'my cloud.'
i am a person, not a corporation, and i cannot understand:
how can anyone own a cloud? populate a cloud?
but i'm told it's 'THE CLOUD' much like 'THE GODHEAD.'
they play off that. they play off everything!
CORPORATIONS' HAPPY DESIRE: TO APPEAR NATURAL!
then corporations become part of a landscape.
they are wilderness! they are resources! they are plants!
animals! they are mountains and valleys! THEY ARE PERSONS!
THEY CAN VOTE!
THEY ARE THE VERY CLOUDS IN THE SKY!



Weir


http://www.alansondheim.org/weir.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/weir1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/weir2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/weir3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/weir4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/weir5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/weir6.png

"My foul, what's lighter than a feather? Wind.
"Than wind? The fire. And what, than fire? The mind.
"What's lighter than the mind? A thought. Than thought?
"This bubble world. What, than this bubble? Nought."

(Quarle's Emblems, 1635)


radio radio radio

VLF filtered sound from inside Eyebeam, playing with coupling:

http://www.alansondheim.org/cl.mp3

installing L-shaped long-wire antenna on Eyebeam roof:

http://www.alansondheim.org/anten.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/antenna1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/antenna2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/antenna3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/antenna4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/antenna5.jpg

beginning to explore the electromagnetic environment of
Eyebeam (last phase of the residency). tending towards VLF
(magnetic and electrical fields - both collaged in cl.mp3)
and shortwave, anomalous sounds; the area is highly charged.
anytime I can hear things I didn't suspect, I'm happy: 
something new on the horizon, within me as well.

thanks to Jamie Oshea



radio filtering, signal searching, at Eyebeam with long wire antenna

http://www.flickr.com/photos/asondheim/sets/72157628961636587/
- VLF (B and E receivers and antennas) radio apparatus, including
shortwave, at Eyebeam, for recording and performance.

http://www.alansondheim.org/radiosphere.mp4
- this contains 47 segments of filtered shortwave and VLF E-field
reception at Eyebeam; the filtering attempts to bring out the 
underlying signal structure, if any. it's also an interesting and
long collage of widely varying signals and interference. (what
constitutes signal, and what constitutes noise - what constitutes
vermin, critter, or weed, in relation to desired organisms - is a
matter of phenomenology; in the radiosphere, I'm attempting to
extract signals of interest other than the standard broadcasts or 
the sound of the background power-grid. atmospheric noise always
carries fascinating information; I've left that in. Eyebeam lies
in the middle of an area of heavy transmissions; what you hear is
the result of wading through them.)



Monday


In the year 5000, my birthday falls on a Monday, I won't be around.
Somehow, this makes me unutterably sad, weeping.

Our span is so short, we all know that, but this, this concrete
instance, tears through me. And I won't make it, to be sure, past
2020...


    February 5000

 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa
                    1
  2  3  4  5  6  7  8
  9 10 11 12 13 14 15
 16 17 18 19 20 21 22
 23 24 25 26 27 28   
                     


Angels


http://www.alansondheim.org/angels1.mp3 (mono)
http://www.alansondheim.org/angels2.mp3 (stereo)
http://www.alansondheim.org/angels3.mp3 (stereo)

http://www.alansondheim.org/angels1.wav (mono)
http://www.alansondheim.org/angels2.wav (stereo)
http://www.alansondheim.org/angels3.wav (stereo)


I imagine the voices of angels singing precisely like this.
Their voices expand and fill multiverses, lifeless and alive, alike.
Their beauty is uncanny and every note encircles worlds upon worlds.
As long as I surprise myself with unknown communicants, I continue.
Angels, you have given me life for a night of beauty and mystery.
Angels, we have given you our love, the terrible love of all things 
alive, as well.




Broken Angel

http://www.alansondheim.org/borr.mp4

debris located in the corners of the hard-drive,
where three vectors meet and dissolve, as if there
were a spherical geometry at work, or topology
dissolving within the field of the image: something
crashed and slid across the screen, the file no
longer carrying the random access of truth, and
therefore of great or greater interest, than as if
the screen appeared a featureless window or cloud
containing not just the simulacrum of the real, but
that corner of the real itself, within the sectors
of the hard drive, where three vectors meet and
dissolve, as if there were 



Angelic

Azure Carter, song and voice, Maya Maya, and saz

http://www.alansondheim.org/angelic1.mp3 
http://www.alansondheim.org/angelic1.wav (slightly better quality)

I think I'm happiest with this rendition of Maya, which owes 
something to the Cocteau Twins, cathedrals, the Grand Canyon,
the Cayman Islands, tourmaline, Eyebeam, and Ackermann's
Repository. When I can sink into music, when music envelops me
like an uncanny dwelling moving among the worlds, I'm sublime,
content, and there are rooms open in each of the ten directions.

And saz

http://www.alansondheim.org/angelic2.mp3

Deconstructing the apparatus, allowing muscle and body to turn
back via the back door of the instrumental.



playing together


http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/773

or

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sess1m.mp3 (mono)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sess2m.mp3 (mono)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sess4m.mp3 (mono)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sess5m.mp3 (mono)

Chris Funkhauser, flute
Chris Diasparra, baritone
Azure Carter, voice and songs
Alan Sondheim, saz, oud, pipa



Cobza redux for Maria Damon


I traded back for the cobza today, and it sounds great! I'm using
techniques from pipa and oud. by the way, there are a lot of 
traditional cobza solos and ensemble-playing on YouTube now; when
I started with the instrument, there was almost nothing.

cob0 is a straight recording. my cobza has ten metal strings tuned
with pegs; towards the very end, you can hear one of the courses
has gone out of tune. I've learned to avoid them; I finish on the
other three. (here, the cobza's tuning is eee' aa dd gg; the 2nd 
a went out, so I ended up on eee' dd and gg. note that the tuning
is 3 4ths; it's not actually tuned to eee' etc. pitch.) 

cob1 is recorded with highly altered echo and post-production 
with high hiss-elimination. I had to play slowly, in order that 
the harmonic 'bell-tones' come through.

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cob0.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/cob1.mp3

playing the cobza:

cobza http://www.alansondheim.org/alan1.jpg

(if the files don't open properly, go to 
http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/776 - thanks, Alan)



Millimeters to go before I sleep

"Hi,

I have checked the stats of your account and can found that there is no 
hacking issues with your account. But the majority of the bandwidth was 
used by downloading the mp4/mp3/mov and jpg files on your account - along 
with spiders/bots used 112 GB of the bandwidth for this month so far. And 
of course, you are getting hits to those media files from almost around 
the world including the regions you specified on the tickets.

You can either use hot link protection for the media files - to deny 
hotlinking of files and can use robots.txt file to deny unwanted bots from 
accessing your account."

China continues to grow, but Poland has greater bandwidth. China wins on 
the number of hits. The US is pathetic, way behind; European Countries 
have a greater bandwidth than the US has pages. Germany and Great Britain 
are "looking around." Everything else is miniscule; except for slight 
blips from Germany and the Russian Federation, the world is quiet. So many 
others register close to emptiness! Indonesia has zero pages but two 
hundred hits; a huge 2.32 gigabytes were downloaded. Thailand comes in for 
661.83 megabytes and 57 hits, not a page among them. The haven of Estonia 
registers a full 1.45 gigabytes, 73 hits, and zero pages. I wonder what 
they're enjoying. Ethiopia - one page, one hit, 7.13 kilobytes, oddly 
matched by Croatia - 1, 1, 7.13. Under "others" - i.e. "not countries" - 
there are 0 pages, 0 hits, and a mysterious 88 gigabytes.

NO ONE SPENT OVER AN HOUR AT THE SITE, and only ONE PERSON 30-60 min, TWO 
PEOPLE 15-30 min. Ah how beautiful it would be to have copies of my site, 
like flowers, everywhere! But most of my visits - 592 in fact - dashed in 
and out, under 30 seconds, nothing there but a directory. Only 14 spent 
over five minutes, which means just about no one looked at the .mp4s for 
any length of time, much less downloaded any of them. My work must count 
for something, but it truly strikes out: it's the robots and spiders who 
absorb my silliness and will soon take over the world...


Performance

http://www.alansondheim.org/performance.mp4



Twin Peaks for David Lynch.


http://www.alansondheim.org/twinpeaks.mp3

Mr Lynch: 

Just as Twin Peaks is your Masterpiece, twinpeaks.mp3 is my Masterpiece.

Please listen with earphone and wavefile upon request. Solo cobza for
David Lynch.

Thank you. Alan Sondheim.



Of Housing


http://www.alansondheim.org/housing.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/housing2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/housing.mp3 solo hasapi

finding a home in memory [where we grew up, images from google
maps, the tree and front entrance to the kitchen are already gone;
the tree was one of the oldest in the town] a situation or an
unknown situation [trying to find a home for melody on hasapi,
it's already gone by the time i arrive]

I remember we always liked the trees, the one in the back seemed to 
grow up with us. When my parents grew older, they stopped caring so
much; finally a year or so ago my brother and I insisted that the
growth be cut back to avoid misery in the neighborhood; there was
always the chance of something falling on one or another building.
The hedgerow of pines had to go; they were dead from disease. It's
as if the soil itself rebelled against growth in the area. The
skunks and possums went and the rabbits were gone for a long time,
too. Now some of the rabbits are back, that's all. No more hawks,
we didn't see herons either or any of the other visitors. But then
we weren't looking either. Google's maps are memories, perfect for
archives I think, the details blurred as if you were looking at
things through cataracts. Technology will never catch up with the
singularity of a one-to-one map; that doesn't matter very much. It
doesn't matter that animals and plants disappear, that corrupted
form is the result of form corrupting; there are always new plants
and animals around the corner, and these images, for that matter,
this music, are nothing but digital spews, hardly carrying the 
meat of anything, much less the world they were extruded from. We
are always already replacements, and probably always already have
been. The pain we leave behind, the pain within us, is inextricable
and lies outside any map or territory; the world shatters, shutters
and devolves. Almost no one will read this, and it's more likely to
be processed by a bot or spider than a human or other consciousness
moved, if only for a second, by the increasing tawdriness of our 
world, slipping vastly into the digital, no body, our bodies, left
behind.


Alan Sondheim
late-night oud talking after listening

to dance conversation about dance on mobile devices
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/talkoud.mp3
at Edward Henkel's fantastic MovementTalks event

this link works better: 
http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/780



SHEER BEAUTY SLICED


http://www.alansondheim.org/sliced.mp4

sheer beauty sliced by virtue of the melting platform
falling off the melting platform, such beauty
SECOND LIFE IS HEAVEN AND I WANT TO LIVE THERE
i will be in the midst of unutterable beauty
as day turns to night, there is unutterable beauty
as night turns to day, unutterable beauty
to utter beauty is to code beauty
NOW I WILL ESCAPE THE CODE OF UTTERED BEAUTY
come visit me, my friends, SHEER BEAUTY SLICED
"come visit me" portends DEAR DUTY SPICED

Unlike    Share  9 minutes ago
You like this.
Alan Sondheim It says write something I wrote something
2 minutes ago  Like
Alan Sondheim It says Comment I comment
2 minutes ago  Like
Alan Sondheim It says Like I Like
2 minutes ago  Like
Alan Sondheim Now I share I share
2 minutes ago  Like
Alan Sondheim It's says Unlike now I like Unlike
a few seconds ago  Unlike   1
Alan Sondheim It says Unlike Like I Like Unlike
a few seconds ago  Unlike   1
It says Like Unlike Now I Unlike Like


breathing tests

http://www.alansondheim.org/pulmonary.mp3

carried out by by Cynthia Gonzalez on Alan Sondheim
modified for 'breathing' / the hydraulic

poly parelblond		.
ten ways of thinking about deconstruction		. 
-inurl babe|sweet|model intitle 
there is nothing outside the text		. 
spine spine rightupleg filetype bvh		. 
blank xray		. 
willy maley ten ways

because it's medical because I'm trying to get CLEAR



B-field

http://www.alansondheim.org/vlfeye2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/vlfeye3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/vlfeye4.mp3

filtered B-field VLF recordings with loop antenna, outside
Eyebeam on West 21st Street. most of what you hear is 60-cycle
that's so strong it won't filter out; on occasion, in vlfeye2 
and 4 for example, other signals seem to come through. 

VLF is always mysterious, nothing more so than B-field!

we're all being magnetized, hopefully irregularly!




MONIKA WEISS AND ALAN SONDHEIM: EYEBEAM PERFORMANCE THIS SATURDAY


Alan Sondheim & Monika Weiss -- Enunciation
EYEBEAM Art + Technology Center, 540 W 21st St. New York
Saturday, February 4, 1-6PM, Eyebeam Project Space
http://eyebeam.org/events/alan-sondheim-monika-weiss [eyebeam.org]

   Feb 04, 2012
   Hours:
   1:00PM-6:00PM
   Free

   Eyebeam Resident Alan Sondheim and transdiscipinary artist Monika Weiss
   will perform Enunciation, a dual live video projection and sound
   environment in the Eyebeam Project Space on Saturday, February 4,
   1-6PM. Enunciation explores the notions of language, document, trace,
   mourning and history. Inhabiting a prolonged interval of time, Weiss
   and Sonfheim perform and record their respective process, which is both
   independent from one another and interconnected, an exchange tracing
   issues of mourning, lamentation, ecstasy, and the processes of writing.
   This experimental collaboration is a result of a longstanding
   friendship and intellectual exchange between the two New York artists.


VLF B-field with pitch-shift for Twin Peaks

http://www.alansondheim.org/flight.mp3

everything in the universe becomes audible, and, through our
imagination, everything in the universe becomes visible. our
dreams are filled with translations and we emerge, newly-born
after deep and restless sleep.


broken conversation

