w

Introductory Preface and Postface, or Open Bracketing of the W/Hole

[This is my introductory postface or preface to my forthcoming WVU book; 
it's a fairly good explanation of my essay-work I think. Offered with 
permission.]

The process used to produce this book has been one of continuous 
negotiation over pieces, which are broken remnants of a text that might 
go on indefinitely, if I did. I would say this about the individual 
sections -

1 that each begins, for me, from ground zero, both in the sense of 
catastrophe, and without regard to presuppositions; in other words, each 
sketches out a terrain which, phenomenologically, is close to the 
scratching-out of inscription against the flesh and abjection of the body.

2 that each tends towards summarizations, as if reaching beyond the goal- 
playing of a football (soccer) game, recapitulating the game in every 
move, as there are only a limited number of moves, of space and time, 
given us.

3 that a text from the year 2000 is as currently relevant to me as my 
latest text; the problems remain the same and the dating of particular 
texts doesn't drive them out of date, but simply situates them within a 
particular stratum of writing.

4 that for me there are no outdated philosophical theories or references; 
this isn't science, but a continuous description of the world. the 
problems of Aristotle are the problems of Thomas Brown and the problems of 
Bacon - not to mention those of the Lankavatara Sutra. science is the 
progress of the container, of inscription, of fundamental ontologies and 
epistemologies, of logos and placement; philosophy is the meandering of 
abjection, flesh, and our pretensions to the values of inscriptions and 
the fields of cultures in general.

5 that I'm most interesting in the grounds and grounding of writing, in 
its relation to the virtual and the negotiation of the virtual, and I do 
believe that we are always already virtual, invaded by such, and only in 
moments of insufferable pain and the diffusion of the portal of death, 
does inscription drop away into the thud and inconceivable flesh and 
violence of the body.

6 that there are no dead philosophers, or rather no dead philosophical 
writing, and that writing, always virtual and inscription, always saying, 
may be within any form, from sound through any variety of artworks, 
including scientific texts (which are always only one form of their 
theoretical content); in other words, standard writing is just that, one 
canon and genre and mode of exposition among others.

7 that beneath every inscription and inscriptive process and act, lies 
abjection; that catastrophe theory provides us with a model of the 
'fragility of good things,' i.e. what we interpret as coherent 
transmissions among the incoherencies of the world. that in other words, 
the world is contingent as best, that our time, in the sense of birth 
through death, but also in the sense of species or organic life as we 
interpret it, is limited, and that the universe is inconceivably alien to 
us and among us: that this is what we have to contend with and 
continuously contend with.

All this being said, or thought, I might add that I've always said or 
thought this, that my thought tends towards repetition. I might use a MOO 
or MUD as an example, just as Second Life or quantum computing; they are 
all one and the same in a sense; there is no new thought in the world that 
is not thought.

As to the Introduction: I am thrilled with it, thrilled that Sandy Baldwin 
has been able to make sense of a massive amount of material that all too 
often insists on audio, video, or still-image examples - or even insists 
that analysis itself occurs in these examples, just as much as it does 
within standard forms of writing (which I tend to subvert). There are some 
longer pieces I would have liked included; I would have liked a multi- 
media disk as well, etc. etc. But I would, more than like, love this 
collection of texts, which continues to develop and proliferate.

Again I want to reiterate; if I talk, for example, about a prompt such 
that

k4% date
Wed Feb 15 04:48:14 EST 2012

appears as an antiquated non-GUI (graphic user interface), but a command 
at a prompt accompanied by its response - I'm not talking or writing 
historically, but about the very act of the performative, the performative 
surface which is literally virtual in regard to the underlying program 
structures, down to the level of the machinic, where potential wells and 
materiality lie. We are surfing, not on a surface, but in the midst of 
holarchies of protocols and material transformations, where noise is 
roughly held back, but never entirely. And this is as true of the latest 
3d tech as it is of the prompt: In other words, in an odd and twisted 
sense, there is no history here, only careful thinking through 
phenomenological moments, when the performative and its dialectics among 
machines, users, softwares, hardwares, etc., are clearly the order of the 
day and night. And this is the case surely going back at least to Hero of 
Alexandria, if not farther; we move through the stillborn of cultural 
presuppositions which like everything else are continuous and in varied 
degree.

Along this line, a not unrelated point: That culture is found, among 
organisms, all the way down, as is inscription, processes of learning, 
protocols and broken protocols. We have no dominion over this, only a 
certain blindness. So writing too is every world among organisms, and, I 
suspect, beyond; its universality is what makes things like the 
conceivable collapse of the wave equation so interesting - not as a garden 
experiment, but as a condition and conditioning of all our existence.

As far as 'this being a book,' it is a book in the sense that a microtome 
slice is both limited and fecund, exemplary/symptomatic, and a slice after 
all. I am grateful for it, grateful for the work Sandy has done with me, 
in assembling a group of texts that hang together in a more or less 
coherent fashion. I'm well aware of the difficulty of texts that change 
style constantly, that use conceptual or programming tools in their 
construction as much as densely laid-out thought - and Sandy has done an 
amazing work in this regard. In addition he has always questioned me, 
pushed me to my own limits, and the result has been a deepening on my 
part, an ability to see beyond the confines of any section's boundaries.

