



Music

http://www.alansondheim.org/92StY7.png

Why do I constantly play music, jump from one instrument to another.
This isn't a trivial question; I search out the sounds of things.
But why instruments? Why this fakery? I look for the larger gestures.
Secretly I know I get nowhere. Secretly I know, with my hearing and
tinnitus, I'm a fraud. I'm desperate for correct positions. I repeat
figures I heard in ragas decades ago: I can't do anything original!
The fingerboards are mockeries. At this point I prefer the simplest,
no frets, no markers, nothing but a potential field. The markers come
later, muscle memory. They're never exact enough; sometimes they 
don't come at all. Then there are the flutes and other mechanical
devices: I'm running all over them with my hands, my fingers, my 
mouth. It seems purposeless. On a Boehm flute it's hard to go out of
tune but it's also hard to find something else to do. On simpler 
flutes, it's easy enough with the primary scale, but everything else
- like circular breathing on a ken bau - seems to me impossible. I
long for the days of the guitar - nothing but fakery and nuance, the
frets constantly chatter to you, to each other, to the audience. 
Even there I remember Al Wilson telling me I had to keep the guitar
in tune; I hardly knew what he meant. I learned by rote, I memorized
the chords in order. I knew my eyesight was terrible, but it didn't
deceive me: I could look at a complex or simple instrument with
wonder: why on earth would one want ones hands or fingers or mouth
to travel over this thing? And in certain patterns? The sounds seem
remote from the image, although after a while they might as well be
married. But remote. Here I am, moving my hands over taut strings,
and something emerges in another dimension, or dimensionless (time
be damned), that takes on a life of its own. It has nothing to do
with what I'm doing; what I'm doing is faking, getting cramps,
trying to remember what I'm doing in the first place. It has nothing
to do with the appearance of the instrument, the decoration, the 
placement of the pegs, the weight of the thing in my hands, the sway
of the bow. It doesn't float either, this emergent. I don't want to
make too much of this. It's like this: I'm a fake, I pretend I'm a
musician, at least now and then. But what emerges isn't fake, isn't 
real, isn't in tune or out of tune, has a problematic relationship
with the strings or the fipple or the bow or my fingers, memory or
whatever my mind brings to the table, takes from the tablature. 
What emerges is something being, being in the time it takes for its
being, no more and no less, an ontology of the evanescent, an 
epistemology that has left the virtual long behind. And a secret: I
know, playing a string instrument, I must let the sounds die out at
the very end, I must do nothing to impede them. So there's a moment
of building towards that, towards this openness, and it's only 
later, after the emergent seems already a memory, that I realize -
that what's in my hands is a _thing,_ an object, beautiful though 
it may be, that is just _there,_ that has no relationship to what I
just heard, what might have come from me, one or another way, but 
surely not from the wood, the metal, the strings, the fipple, the
very organs of the object. Here are two secrets of music: one, you
already know, the fakery, but the other, more serious, is that the
ontology of music is zero, it doesn't exist, since nothing is 
parceled out through time, time renders music invisible, although
the instrument itself is more than visible, it is assertive, it is
a somehow connected and disconnected thing. The music is invisible
and it is not even momentary, it is _not there,_ and will never be
there, will never have been there, and there is no there there, in
fact, there is nothing. So it is circuitry within you, it is all
interior and refuses to die out with the end of the universe, for
the simple reason that it was never born, was never _in_ the 
universe in the first place. When I play something, improvise, when
I look down at the instrument after I have seemingly finished, I 
have a sense of astonishment at this disconnection between presence
and appetition on one hand, and absence, emptiness on the other. 
This emptiness, and the potential rhythm of this emptiness, speak
of and to a mockery, fakery of the universe itself, with all its
pseudo-rhythms of lunar months, years, electron orbitals, beating
hearts and the like. Rhythm's the byproduct of music which trembles
materiality, as if there were an event traveling through the cosmos
carrying its heart with it, as if there were a centering involved,
which there isn't, which there absolutely isn't. You don't need it,
and the farther you go the more you realize you don't need melody
or harmony, you don't need notes or scales; you might think you 
need sound, but the sound's already there, so you can't really know
if you need it or not. In any case, none of this has anything to do
with the thing in your hands, which astonishes you, as I have said
already, which appears to be a device of some sort, perhaps a
machine, but one that does nothing more than tremble on occasion, 
and what is that about? For myself, I tender the machine, that is  
all I know, and I know little of that in fact, and the rest, the
rest is make-believe; one of these days, I'll hit a really high
note, and my face will bear upon it, the proper mixture of ecstasy
and anguish...

http://www.alansondheim.org/92StY7.png



"Shall I, then, give everything away,"

Shall I, then, give everything away,
If not tomorrow, then today?
Down by the courtyard, out by the gate,
Whatever the weather, it's death I await.
It will begin. My brain will sever
Something once, and then never.
These objects are all that remain of the fray
That threw me down on a grey dull day.
Ignorance will become my fate, 
Or broken thoughts at any rate:
And I will transform and sever
That last linger, that comes never.

... and I found myself loathe to leave the site, and touch it, and are 
distressed at, and ashamed of, and loathe it. But in mankind--I am a 
crocodile.' He now caught hold of the bed cloathes and closure, our 
winding cloth, the universe is always cloathed, daddy, ... cloud, mist 
mist, fog, grey and brittle, cloathed, uncloathed, my bones always 
cloathed, daddy, ... daddy, ... the universe threading its way universe is 
always cloathed, daddy, ... daddy, ... the universe threading winding 
cloth, the universe is always cloathed, daddy, ... daddy, ... the pool or 
a mist, surely a fog, ... a fog ? ... cloathed and uncloathed, uncloathed 
among us, the brittle fog, ... the mist, ... the mist ? ... universe is 
always cloathed, daddy, ... daddy, ... the universe threading always 
cloathed, daddy, ... daddy, ... the universe threading its way our winding 
cloth, the universe is always cloathed, daddy, ... daddy, ... always 
cloathed, daddy ? ... daddy, ... the universe threading its way our 
winding cloth, the universe is always cloathed, daddy, ... daddy ... 
touch it, and are distressed at, and ashamed of, and loathe it. but in the 
universe, I am loathed, and loathe to sever ? ... never.



birds of modern media

http://www.alansondheim.org/birdsofmcm.mp3

when i was substituting in the modern culture and media department
at brown, i'd listen to the birds outside the windows of the office
where i slept; i made some recordings. now, thanks to chris diasparra,
i have an open-holed flute and this is the result. and i just saw in
fact the anna halprin documentary and there were birds everywhere in
it. and i just remembered the vultures and hawks overhead here, and
as foofwa and i were walking to or from an event, there were herons
overhead. and i remember that all this beauty will disappear for me 
and that my playing can't do it justice, not even the breathing of it
nor the nervousness of repetition and the miracles of losing scales
just at the moment when, teetering, i am wheeling in the sky, the 
earth tilting below me, and, my feathers are ruffled, the nighthawk
begins his descent with an other music, for mate and for love, for 
the uncanny pleasure of flying



Triple

http://www.alansondheim.org/triple.mp3 for Murat and Karen

three track open-holed flute including buzzes, trills, exhalings,
pops, glissandi, whispers, voicings, flutterings, hummings,
singings, breathings, throatings, mouthings, fingerings, cross-
fingerings, open-fingerings, closed fingerings, partial-closings,
partial-openings, clatterings, clickings, squealings, squawkings,
titterings, twitterings, counter-pointings, srutis, swayings,
dispersing, combining, creating, forgetting, repeating, ending,
beginning, alap, bols, taksim, scales, maqamat, pursings,
inhalings, harmonics, harmonizings, and whistlings, for your
pleasure, your laughter, your tears, your cries and murmurs,
your weepings, your assessments, your happy tears, your happy
cries, your happy weepings ...



breathing

http://www.alansondheim.org/sarangibi.mp3 = sarangi beside itself
 
of=my=breathing==my=lungs=take=orders=from=my=brain==telling=me=to= 
-affront-injury-irritate-intumescence-itching-jaundice-labored-breathing 
difficulty breathing. deeply tests breathing... still vital signs blood 
pressure, pulse, rate, temperature. the quota a way of life into writer. 
writer would die mused, there always new clar. clar, now nikuko, was 
thought, she's an artist, it's made to look easy, that through speech, if 
breath, seeing refer as or heaving - which extension _text-t males; here 
jennifer-speech, just one must there's no breathing-room, and then couples 
with what i see true world emanents anysign where we're living, breathing, 
writing shield entities vacuum simulation. in hir sky s/he breathes [ i'm 
looking at body, scrutiny great round, dissolving, liquid were sintered 
form let's easy presence, by my side. (within me, chest, cut-structure, 
denuded noise, breathing-out, breathing-in. am on talking oneself, same; 
you're your breath seems space own extensions, breathings, uncertainties. 
"fire, becoming playing can't do it justice, not even shortwave responds 
cosmos; you can feel weather so very beautiful takes far away from me 
certainly nikuko surpassing, because she inspiration timate simulacrum 
body; "breathing" texts between two opening oneself rhythm other. stages \ 
lurking conference, down backman against tides, woman weighing future 
internet lies somewhere planet unbreathing least message massage slow 
realm simultaneously open closed world, breathing-apparatus second 
lieu/place places jennifer bright spot sky...we're for our deaths fall 
wayside find rest, last air many holes are letters value every these 
people out. whole thinking, reading, writing, another but barrier, 
foreclosing another, tearing thought day more did hear her yet own, sure 
mine, already vector m time remains constant, rest held + 
jennifer4.breathing "<br>");}jennifer5.breathing first, true: play 
trombone! induce it-fasting, concentration, no-thing, no-thing everything 
nothing, attend thy benevolence ... name stands [...] evil public 
refusal/deluge 3 113 _substances_ time; ontology it: fasting, b s secret t 
have none proper motion, we take medication occupying emptied spaces, 
textual slottings, mail will read things, dreaming out, address headings, 
sense securing parallel air. while meadows dying hours. now, reads a, b, 
c. them order, c continuing adventures o l shakuhachi body-bone, shamisen 
ytalk caress words themselves, punning, does mean being breathing? 
meditation w be taught r respectingd disintegrated, h has e k 
kings,outside, crashing lungs ever, aware quartermain's matrix, its 
vulner- reason poetry externalization coast about ten times, each 
epiphany, mirage xi. enjoy, notice, most all, organ, alan dojoji: hysteria 
upon us partition here. witness piled plateaus conventional allowing 
daemon weather mouse-clicks viewer's stationary emanent requires energy; 
organism stay alive: doctor! nikuko! vii. player's movement pressure 
exercises, prayers notebody reciting, praying, creating, telling such 
extablishing domain / almost objects = harmonics appear f fatigue, 
difficulties, tension . colonic drug fish? well someone boo! false 
woodwind spirit earthcomponents substances. machine. albumen, caught glues 
taut across like thats all y g getyes other right typing simultaneously, 
certain text, noticing others refusing anything _breathing_ exchange 
involves webcams, camera phones, sms, blogs, internal technologies, 
technologies electric vis-a-vis cycles net, daily small closing 
flute-machine incomprehended purity outward vacuum, unbreathing, 
stratopheric. julu might speak, older machines had different kind than 
newer mountain planet, stop death's hard murmur * monstrosity fire, smoke 
inhalations, 9 out in, immortal! 14 outside ing until passed 164 
sacrificing inhabiting me; poorly sink alan- his elemental fleeing physics 
ghosts, harbors death; keeping sound trope moment key nail sounds, forth. 
recording stereo. clouds thin noisy, ,he _text-object_<alan> i'd strange, 
there, within, structure paralleling image symbol, paper rock 656 pun- 
thinking jennifer. underwater fish expelled medium uncanny contract, 
breathe. don't want menus, expanding windows; performing movement, text. 
background. ions. ah damn clumsy,you're once again throat meditate players 
breathing-out breathless, raised, building, sub-sonic early morning 
traffic male car moving sections ways comment; exists without land sea; 
set carefully, thus language live latter, former necks death, al- 
keyboard, machine reps^^spose,^^^nse, mythos, ancestors, hygienic planes, 
organisms, continuous neoteny universal athletic screen keyboard mouth's 
engorged, genitals listening microphone struggle creation room. _sound_ 
stuff; sound; apparent flood- reader simultneous- texts, results 
breathing-apparatus. first locked together, unision, long wagers made; 
here, wires, living wires shadowy presence nothing written constituting 
human) ascii flood, morning. see? there; you, he's leaped seeped we'll 
see) enjoy plates understanding ahead itself, barely, fogged closest off. 
) firestorm nails, (upper lower wheezing, tense distance remember 
predicted. demi-urge meat-girl bigair, dampened, them, saliva, honey, 
languorous catastrophic neck. users neck... giving equivalences, motel 
death real fear attempted dead-girl hard. slaughter. heavy sign. wait 
breathe heavy. sensing proximities diptheria; rubbing alcohol fumes 
experience sax/flute in; everywhere. among ulay marina other's pure 
created earth. izanagi swollen daynight cycles, semester rabid break winds 
"oboe organism" wrong boolean >kind within sheet water laminar/animal flow 
broken lamin- sounds cb, turning off, etc. combines energy, desire ice, 
labore larval epilepsy, function jennifer(gender, milk, 
suture_and_surgery, you) lag rhythm, hypnoticwild swaying, thing going 
uuuuuuuu, oh! they themsulves breathing-undifferentiation mother-tone 
flood-or-flow-of-vowelling, sniffling, difficult speeds this.breathing 
breathing; --gen breath} recover normal --spenserself reaching please 
heart encounters seeking hears breasts, bruising them. dancer beyond own. 
mold seepage fact, political america that's fury *breathing? breeding? 
dressing? dialog --inputbox "returning please" 0 2>> bb minding face 
(meet, confront) rectification 'uncanny' avoid life. paint. flat uploading 
coffee breaks, sighing, aren't recorded mention transformed becoming- 
close off sight mutual breathings seals chinese ideograms circulating, 
cybermind .. lags hot cover 1940s girlie memory airless, peripheral 
wanderings mediated beliefs:aye, voices aye, necks:through darkness haunts 
before after lives. atmosphere, slightly point, passes cause fit dwell 
leisure ch'in ...her breathing..."is philosophy sickness"..."a sign ill 
health" india, learned circular tibetanmainly negative, writings 
particular, attractive hurtling, isn't poem, gotten. _disappearance_ same, 
soon stops text) making layers, blocks ment harboring things tropology, 
transport jennifer3.gender ask style like. how sound. sounds. you. says: 
know deep inside dilemma, sitting upright, slowly, silently. only those 
moments foot height work rather over walking, moment. oral masco- itself 
cease, when only, thinks, jennifer, think keep their tellings need that, 
[[[cane hallucenic whirl/whorl, repetition _elsewhere,_ emergence 
_within,_ inter- reading code-in-real-time: breathing: ally facing life, 
same careful somewhat isolated vibrato, muscle tensions holding comma 
prescribed task _breathing line.* simply spitting spit- midst compressed 
genitals, 10; _in rhythm,_ _speak,_ labored jerkiness, lancinating pain, 
laryngeal hand pass ionospheric bending, turns night tone tube tunicate, 
watering rereading line, time, working exercises. hang:: hanging vertical 
brush, fingers cursive: look: became single, sheerencryption; breath. clar 
jennifer's holes. mer consciousness, movements around wrap constructs 
scroll, invisible text; with- catalysis: who could imagine beauty bodies 
lens floats 1 oboe tongue, sight, elongated coming n carefully avoiding 
too tube, world's day-night senescent apologies, experimenting economy 
under name. on, flood theory took over, heavier heavier, placing clothes 
skin inflating q quality, p posture, diction, facial economic); happens 
nature _cross-breathing._* empty fool identical; traveling popularly 
cancerous harbinger death. go antibiotics, medical mist. concentrate that. 
love, space, birth- box "you :: eye & towards end un- neither technology 
nor organ. upwards beneath waters drink throats? listen speaking past 
imaginary makes yours [dand br [cand harbingers experimenting, apologies 
ken bau impossible. falling hardly disappears pure, naked, cleansed, 
splayed, aroused, waiting, language, smarmy modified 'breathing' hydraulic 
foreclosure example. never tired continues, visible erasures firestorms 
scuttling arrhythmia errors world-wide resonant planet's worlds, 
/*breathing winds*/argumentation singings, throatings, mouthings, 
fingerings, cross- mind, outbreath, merry tue oct 5 22:18:39 edt 1999 
slows, inside, nurse crashes last, _for you_ sort, constant keys, focus 
eyes well, joints hurt, slight ( convinced floor disappears, slaughter 
self-slaughter mass organisms final rear, resting, easily, water. went 
sleep memory. post becomes space. short wonderful. hello ity pastels 
autonomic nervous system alert bit rapidly i'll mice eat bellows pump 
words, jennifer-julu, teaching downloading heterologically. carbon balls 
cushions covered modem joy terror, undone. shall enter along fires ashes. 
computer next heavily producing seduce yourself this, imaginary, panties 
without, universe, existence ism antidote. breathes, @breathes, j says, 
bodies, reminder, then, -:aye, natives fearsome they're image. onto irc 
investigate breathing/heaving correc- vision, automatic, bytes pieces 
patterns coupled hardware heart... midnight! everyone stopped lives 
phantoms goodbye writers taking note, touch mesmeric songster entering 
staying alive uninterrupted import- splay, pause this? place open-holed. 
critical argument rational, having trouble suffocates, 2 28k v bodily 
functions heartbeat, breathing...is this...is same...on near, corridors 
being. sixth revision portal everlasting "is any seeing"  thinks casio 
inhalation exhalation gaia human



