




We're Performing June 9th in Philadelphia!


Fire Museum Presents:

Alan Sondheim/Helena Espvall/Azure Carter Trio

Dan Joseph

Jesse Kudler/Barry Weisblat Duo


Saturday, June 9th 8:00PM
Highwire Gallery
2040 Frankford Ave
Philadelphia, PA
$8


Alan Sondheim, Azure Carter (Brooklyn) & Helena Espvall (Philadelphia) 
Trio:

RECORD RELEASE SHOW! .The animists of Mari El aren.t the last pagans, not 
by a long shot. Cauldron is on the job, too, working the hot-stick on Ley 
lines from Giant.s Despair to Kingdom Come, with a backpack full of old 
tube equipment and spools of magnetic tape. Cauldron spins secret messages 
encoded in lace and tosses the achillea millefolium to see where to go 
next. Cauldron wants to remind you that all you see is not all there is. 
The margins of .things. are crawling, if you know how to look: ancient 
spirits, saints, faeries, fractal elves, jeweled self-dribbling 
basketballs, etc. etc. etc. The trick is to find your way back to an 
unmediated life. So take Cauldron.s hand. Ignore the fire-exit signs 
warning you that an alarm will sound. It won.t. Push the door open. 
stumble into brighter light. the untended back lot behind our shared 
reality. where weeds push stark flowers through cracks in the cement. once 
you get out there everything is so quiet, all you hear is the 
breezes-s-s-s. butterflies and blue lizards flit and skitter amid the 
rubble of forgotten thoughts. .How wonderful that you're here!. they say. 
.You come so rarely! We're so delighted to see you!.

Cauldron deals out a three of cups: Alan Sondheim, a pioneer of mystical 
ear-tweak and sci-fi sonic ritual sound, chamber-improv gypsy cellist 
Helena Espvall, and eco-trance singer Azure Carter. thrice to thine and 
thrice to mine, and thrice again, to make up nine. Channeling the ghosts 
of Opal Whiteley and Lou Harrison, Cauldron conjures the scratch and shush 
of the Big Bang out of wood, wind and cat-gut. Whenever you listen to it, 
this album is always over too soon, just like life. Fire Museum and 
Tequila Sunrise Records deal out a two of pentacles: not to get all 
.Yankee Candle. here, but we only made 250 of these, so grab one before 
they melt away like chemtrails in the sunset sky." - Fred Astarte, Tequila 
Sunrise Records

Dan Joseph (Brooklyn):

Dan Joseph is a free-lance composer based in New York City. He began his 
career as a drummer in the vibrant punk scene of his native Washington, 
DC. During the late 1980s, he was active in the experimental tape music 
underground, producing ambient-industrial works for independent labels in 
the U.S. and abroad. He spent the .90s in California where he studied at 
CalArts and Mills College. His principal teachers include Pauline 
Oliveros, Alvin Curran and Mel Powell. Equally influential where his 
studies with Terry Riley during several workshops in California and 
Colorado. As an artist who embraces the musical multiplicity of our time, 
Dan works simultaneously in a variety of media and contexts, including 
instrumental chamber music, free improvisation, and various forms of 
electronica and sound art. Since the late 1990s, the hammer dulcimer has 
been the primary vehicle for his music. As a performer he is active with 
his own chamber ensemble, The Dan Joseph Ensemble, as well as in various 
improvisational collaborations and as an occasional soloist. He has 
collaborated with a variety of creative artists including Miya Masaoka, 
Pamela Z, Loren Dempster, JD Parran, Pauline Oliveros, India Cooke, 
William Winant and John Ingle.
Dan Joseph.s work has been presented at Merkin Concert Hall (NYC), 
Diapason Gallery for Sound (NYC), Roulette (NYC), Deep Listening Space 
(Kingston, NY), The Kitchen (NYC) Yerba Buena Center for the Arts (SF), 
New Langton Arts (SF) and other venues. He has received commissions from 
several ensembles and performers, including Gamelan Son of Lion, the SF 
Sound Group, baritone Thomas Buckner, flutist Jacqueline Martelle and 
clarinetist Matt Ingalls. . - bio

Jesse Kudler (Philadelphia) & Barry Weisblat (Brooklyn) Duo:

Jesse Kudler, born 1979, creates concrete music on the computer, composes 
low-tech multi-channel sound works, and improvises on cheap consumer 
devices: a no-name electric guitar, hand-held cassette recorders, radios 
and transmitters, various small junk, and pedals/electronics. In his 
various travels, Kudler has performed with Matt Bauder, Kyle Bruckmann, 
Chris Cogburn, James Coleman, Tim Feeney, Brent Gutzeit, Bonnie Jones, 
Jason Kahn, Mazen Kerbaj, Toshimaru Nakamura, Pauline Oliveros, Bhob 
Rainey, Vic Rawlings, Christine Sehnaoui, Mike Shiflet, Jason Soliday, 
Howard Stelzer, Christian Weber, Matt Weston, Jack Wright, Jason Zeh, and 
many others. Current and "recent" projects include: sound installation; a 
duo with Ian Fraser; solo performance; HZL, an environmental electronics 
duo with Tim Albro; duos with Chris Cogburn, Christian Weber, and Chandan 
Narayan; Benito Cereno (with Dustin Hurt, Chandan Narayan, Tim Albro, and 
Ian Fraser); Tweeter, a treble-intensive noise trio with Alex Nagle and 
Eli Litwin; and various ad hoc groupings. Kudler is the co-founder and 
co-Director (with Ian Fraser) of the Philadelphia Sound Forum.

Barry Weisblat was born in 1975 in Brooklyn. He is a sound artist and 
electronic instrument builder who extensively experiments with 
electro-magnetic devices, solar technology, homemade and modified circuits 
for application in sound generation/manipulation, audio engineering and 
photography. Weisblat has collaborated with Margarida Garcia, Tower 
Recordings, Mattin, Tim Barnes and Tetuzi Akiyama, and has built 
instruments for Peter Kowald, Toshio Kajiwara, Manuel Mota and Matt 
Valentine. He has sound engineered for Erstwhile Records, Dean Roberts and 
Jon Gibson. - bios

links at http://www.museumfire.com/events




raining, guzheng, sarangi


http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/830 (best)

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/guzhengraining.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sarangiraining1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sarangiraining2.mp3


                                                     (p 35)

  (1) "Mommy," the boy was still crying.
(2) "Be a good boy," said the girl. "You'll be all right."
(3) She held the boy more tightly and began to sing again.
  (4) After

obverse:

It snoWed hardall night.
                                                    Mitsuhito          
Ant and baby are enemies.



Organ App Improvisiation on ASUS Android Tablet

http://www.alansondheim.org/organopus1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/organopus2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/organopus3.mp3


Two new songs by Azure Carter, sarangi by Alan Sondheim

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/833 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/wheniknowyou.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/fever1.mp3

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 2012

Two new songs by Azure Carter, sarangi by Alan Sondheim
Two new songs by Azure Carter, sarangi by Alan Sondheim

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/833 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/wheniknowyou.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/fever1.mp3

POSTED BY SONDHEIM AT 1:50 AM 0 COMMENTS   
FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 2012

We're performing June 9th in Philadelphia!


Orrmm 

http://www.alansondheim.org/mmymmeatt.mp4

1. My wworrkk iss a cconnttinnuouss mmeddittattionn onn pprracctticcall 
anndd tthheorretticcall issssuess; ppieccess arre ddrrawwnn ffrromm itt 
onnlly wwhhenn nneccessssarry. I ddonn'tt tthhinnkk inn tterrmmss off 
bbounnddarriess; mmy owwnn tthhinnkkinngg ttennddss tto wwanndderr, 
mmeanndderr, ass ddoess mmy pprrodduccttionn, fforr bbetttterr orr 
wworrsse. http://www.alansondheim.org/mmymmeatt0.png

2. Thhe cconnttinnuitty occccurrss wwitthhinn a pprressummedd aeggiss off 
ffrreeddomm; I tthhinnkk off Orrmm'ss Orrmmullumm, wwhhicchh 
rreinnvvennttedd earrlly Ennggllisshh orrtthhoggrrapphhy wwitthhoutt anny 
bburreauccrratticc orr accaddemmicc ssttannddarrddss.
http://www.alansondheim.org/mmymmeatt1.png

3. I ssitt, ssttanndd, orr llie, onn orr inn mmy wworrkk.
http://www.alansondheim.org/mmymmeatt2.png

4. Wrrittinngg iss tthhe cconnssttrruccttionn off tthhe zzerrotthh 
ddeggrree; itt occccuppiess nnotthhinngg, occccurrss wwitthhinn anndd 
wwitthhoutt nnotthhinngg: ffllaccccidd, itt ddrrippss bblloodd anndd 
ssemmenn onn tthhe ppagge. http://www.alansondheim.org/mmymmeatt3.png

5. Notthhinngg occccurrss inn orr abboutt wwrrittinngg exxccepptt a 
ssurrpplluss off wwrrittinngg. Wrrittinngg iss allwwayss tthhe 
wwrrittttenn. Wrrittinngg iss allwwayss ccommppllette, inntterraccttivve, 
a ssttagginngg. http://www.alansondheim.org/mmymmeatt4.png

6. Iff I wwerre tto ssay tto you, Orrmm, tthhiss iss mmy llasstt 
wwrrittinngg, wwoulldd itt bbe a Revvellattionn?
http://www.alansondheim.org/mmymmeatt5.png

7. Nigghhttlly, I cconnssidderr tthhesse tthhinnggss. Nigghhttlly, I 
ffeell mmy ppowwerr ddrrainninngg mme, ddrrainninngg ffrromm mme, 
vvorrtticcess ellssewwhherre anndd llumminnouss inn tthhe sskky. Whhatt 
arre tthhesse tthhinnggss, tthhesse gghhassttss? My tthhougghhtt 
abbannddonnss mmy tthhougghhtt, mmy lleggss ggallllopp tthhe mmoorrss. 
Orrmm, I amm bbeddrragggglledd, bberrefftt. Orrmm, I rremmainn, 
unn-ffullffilllledd, you anndd I wwillll nnott essccappe onne annotthherr, 
bbutt you wwillll cconnttinnue yourr rreaddinngg, tto bbe rreadd, anndd I 
- I wwillll cconnttinnue mmy wwrrittinngg, tto bbe wwrrittttenn.
http://www.alansondheim.org/mmymmeatt6.png

8. My wwrrittinngg iss tthhe wwrrittinngg off sshharrddss. My ddeatthh 
hhass allrreaddy occccurrrredd. http://www.alansondheim.org/mmymmeatt7.png

9. My wwrrittinngg iss tthhe wwrrittinngg off sshharrddss. 
http://www.alansondheim.org/mmymmeatt8.png been been sexuality just about 
gone fecund full ............................. ..................... 
................. ......................... ............ 
........................ ......................................... 
............................................ ........................... 
................ ........................................... 
......................................................... 
......................................... ...................... 
........................... ......................................... 
.............. ...................................... 
................................................... .......... 
................. ........................................... 
....................... ............................................... 
............. ........................................

*/Orrmm'ss cchhieff innnnovvattionn wwass tto emmpplloy ddoubblledd 
cconnssonnannttss tto sshhoww tthhatt tthhe pprrecceddinngg vvowwell iss 
psshhorrtt anndd ssinngglle cconnssonnannttss wwhhenn tthhe vvowwell iss 
llonngg. Forr ssyllllabblless tthhatt ennddedd inn vvowwellss, hhe ussedd 
accccenntt mmarrkkss tto innddiccatte llennggtthh. - Wikkippeddia/*
http://www.alansondheim.org/mmymmeatt9.png



A few stills related to the discussion we're having over at Underacademy -
http://anorecticavatar.blogspot.com/

anorectic avatars

http://www.alansondheim.org/meeaat01.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/meeaat02.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/meeaat03.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/meeaat04.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/meeaat05.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/meeaat06.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/meeaat07.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/meeaat08.png


3

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/835 (best for listening)

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/comecloser.mp3 (Azure voice, oud)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/oudsolo.mp3 (short, oud)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/constant.mp3 (long, sarangi)



Birding and Others

Azure, Adam, and I went birding at Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge and 
the village of Broad Channel. We stopped and stared at:

laughing gulls :
ospreys :
a cardinal :
a brown thrasher :
a black-crowned night-heron :
tree swifts :
barn swallows :
great white herons :
little blue herons :
mute swans :
mallards :
catbirds :
a cowbird :
a little green heron :
a yellow-crowned night-heron :
chimney swifts :
a purple martin :
common terns :
starlings :
ruddy ducks :
canada geese :
robins :
pigeons :
red-winged blackbirds :
common grackles :
boat-tailed grackles :
crows :
house sparrows :
glossy ibis :
a mocking bird :
double-crested cormorants :
and sanderlings :

and eastern carpenter bees :
and a diamond-back terrapin laying eggs :
and a raccoon :
and flowering opuntia :

the end :

http://www.alansondheim.org/jamaicabay05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/jamaicabay17.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/jamaicabay26.jpg




voice, sarangi, viola, oud

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/836 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/guess1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/guess2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/guess3.mp3

note: This is what I'd like Azure and myself to sound like Saturday
night - in other words, with equalization and reverberation set 
to within a rough tolerance of what you're hearing. I'm not sure 
this is possible; I'm bringing a small amp, the MOTU which needs
tuning itself, and an instrument mic. Hopefully we can get this to
work out; otherwise voice and instruments might fall flat. In the
meantime, these three pieces give a good example of what I'm hoping
we can achieve; Azure's songs are beautiful, but the instruments
are of course difficult - at least here, they're within a range of
somewhat perfection?



with the birds

http://www.alansondheim.org/jamaicabay29.jpg mute swans
http://www.alansondheim.org/jamaicabay35.jpg yellow-crowned night-heron
on shell midden

well with the birds, how was I supposed to know real memories and mocking- 
birds singing, two birds leave roof of false-front bank, Morgan's Bank, 
given way for love birds. Caused pass away. For God were meant pair, love 
yet not feathered creed. And gather, each one mate, name, these they 
call, name - or silenced burning wings legs, what| matisse bathers calling 
in distant screech, nothing shelters take wing, all have begun nests 
except you me, what are we waiting 'slots' 'embodied voice' saviors saints 
thought? would play sarangi, many times played. There many background This 
time, at mercy well aware that could never hear me, there sounds every- 
where around us like tend ignore animals their languages names. They 
slowly disappear; now fifty thousand died because alligators leave. She 
described park as "layered." talk you, words thrimble, tremble, lines 
here, now, crying over dead. Beams light don't birds:  9/11 fictitious 
towering flock black horizon. "They're Dark rock sky, among vultures, 
scattered oh man, wonderful Did see any birds?"  Flew from which origin- 
ated just day before. From heaven fell down sudden weight, Hangup "Fine 
feathers make fine birds." In this place, there's parliament deciding on 
proper Keapoalewa, (_maloko o_) atmosphere where fly, is Kebara killdeer 
Kira koan kwat Lacan lamina landbirds languaging" - larboard latinate 
lejeune LEK Liardon: Let's fly away! Let's say you're interested, watch 
them constantly, Manhattan's thousands birds; interrupt migration routes. 
My wings, albatross, do ever land land, Nightjars, Related Nightbirds, no, 
often daytime, particularly spring, had seen bird behavior; Heisenberg's 
Physical. Some out trees Susan Sontag think wrote about tens Ten memorial. 
kept flying. desert, shadowed, cooled. trace army eagles blackbirds. 
Someone saw grey-brown fox. When I'm fish gotta sing dogs With special 
surprise Hethre Contant's Texas Mockingbirds. You heard tales white dawn 
dusk. foot. Overhead, screens, soar, shimmer. after aloud asked awoke, 
begin being books alive. field another, aristotelian quantum, all: usual 
pointed stance other alligators larger periphyton trail observing 
invertebrates species an taken island. surfed there. some between depth 
emerges woman playing ch'in most mournful manner, golden threading Here 
Northwest, my bulbous thicket well. strange small reddish dance above 
landing our 1908 Chinese painting flowers looked it sound winging will 
those birds' broken mend animals. did hundreds apart, stepped on, thrown 
against walls, pulled pieces. unusual rapidly becoming favorite (along if 
added point made, thin above/ brown, i'd listen outside windows office 
ballgame birdscastlescape brigdanc briglandscape brigscape)  cathedral 
bells benign best bestowed better beyond big binary binding birth bi-jade 
(circular disk hole) bind blessings (fortune) generalists! die, die 
everywhere. cleaving flew darkness but that's end moral nor together apart 
swimming trees. fluttering gold sky. Ah Ah. meditation. flying high 
furious near bleak fall night, follow stern rising lives modern media 
area. only encourages spread disease, found huddled decrepit rundown 
neighborhood. "birds" his last words, sand stained red. His uniform test 
apparatus limits life death. It's years ago... clearly inferior 
philosophical birds beside red beaks almost glowing sun. "The blue flocks 
ones melding equipment broiling bottom all shore, visited by suicidebirds 
breasts flight hair river's meander outline bridge went nowhere once." Why 
fly. Nikuko brig n' warm-up, Alpine series catbirds, chicken issued more 
than reprimand. torn course, starlings, sparrows, starlings cultural 
existed ages remote own. look everything body dancer eternal then be slow 
dawn, aube, shades down, no nothing, none within decompositions bacteria 
vegetation hummingbirds sparrows flies mites "i disappears, pretty 
picture. But blades cleave hulls disturbance. go extinct. kestrels 
disappeared." doctors today. phenomenology. drawing (painting) draw 
(paint) (and) earth air ocean, wires cheep. enko conceivings dancework 
synchronic sondheim example, here flies, large variety birds, might 
interest; smaller clues cues wading generators migrating another green 
metallic bees orchid made dead thnxs u bill vag grew darker, stopped 
singing, strips sunlight haps acres across; numerous (swallows, swifts, 
here). remember when used cacti, armadillo, pylons - They swift boaters, 
using craft woven hmans:wrythed birds:torn birds:what hapend kitens: Write 
first killed romola complicit lpmud Jen d'nala Panamarenko hunters geese, 
entangled brooklyn, canada geese, i am hurt absence doctors. reading 
assigned second third parts half neither chorus choir i'm contacted gonna 
canal hanging run woods, new under overpass, sad chirpings indescribable. 
covered enormous migration. indicates deaf really are; birdsongs amazing, 
into pure air, delicate bathing all, world trade center iza erpene ics 
subgroupoids minefields microworlds arounds jays, kingfishers, swifts (i 
certain it), grey catbirds, puff-balls, jouissance julu judgmental liguus 
kanji wraps koans, kwat! Lacanian example. moves scale, time left Miami, 
looking periphyton, lay mountains valleys, No can tell migratory Outstript 
late, mammals iran poetics religious experience: islamic map completely 
differently (not mention magnetism maybe. gone. measure ? [ben4 niao3 
xian1 fei1] clumsy start early men who electrocute meter wide. mourning 
doves, pigeons mocking-birds. come scanning implies negation: scan(x) 
(x)(-x). modifications genevabirds morning light, wondrous clouds mount- 
ains. These feet human hands. also heart pounds loudly, still, naturally 
spelled bilities. completed. war war. (clinton milosevic nighthawks!), 
echo-location sit ground blackbirds, waiter myself, selves, knows found, 
heron quickly catches its prey. numbered. Regardez-moi: 650000 9/11. 
thereby sets upon path breath interpretation. Between it. island raised? 
onstage bright yellow horn so. "the full out) (as if) (be) amazed paint 
pictures colorful immortals hermits spirits pigeon piece carcases sun 
horror surety stranger theirs serve dragons presence club kids, emerge 
rare metaphor prey production. Crows annoy hawks; primates imitate, 
red-wing yellow-head etc. around. red-winged blackbirds rented house, 
assistant resting sand, manner exactly opposite East Coast sally everyone 
raptures seen, populated dark ill-drawn stuff fantasies senses; well 
whether beasts short tailed rain wrong faces sights crows troubled herds,

O wooden beams, snow mountains, snow, trundled waterbirds unidentified 
(inland) song noise reduction meadowlarks, others Alps, across universe, 
Descartes, sparrow-like spiral up tree, move branch still Slowly releasing 
back wild called hacking. stolen uppermost bakemeats basket baskets hang 
tree assailed her tears beneath unfamiliar constellations strives herbs 
offer vase spirits, fish, ters. I've slight fevers result. Our cat Ossi 
makes house feel home. spot desk, m easily without them, convenient beauty 
color separations, passion cries sea-birds, disappeared, including merlin 
even starlings. we've medieval debating looping primordial laptop quiet, 
quiescent, peaceful, flying, through right paths birds! sky interacted 
thinness sickle moon, narrowed borne themselves cutting bodies; happens 
(i.e. calling) live middle alaska, smart birds. "virtual language" ground- 
sitters owls perching-birds book those, notes gone gone, Bird towers... 
thickened grass illinois thwoop, couple bats walk, sleep, cross it, report 
condition trees, coupled further fourth part, reptiles turtledove detest 
her, willets well, shore asking king queen wetwares shorebirds again, 
varied worldings, forms humans doing, course vulnerabilities, bells warmup 
alp pals, whom ripped asunder, fire cases lead away streams, crest bodies 
once again imagine memory warm-up



Cauldron Release Set


The Fire Museum and Cauldron record release event -
at the Highwire, Philadelphia, last night

http://www.alansondheim.org/Cauldronrelease.mp3
(our full set)

Helena Espvall, cello, electronics
Azure Carter, songs, voice
Alan Sondheim, sarangi, oud, cura cumbus, viola (in that order)

Songs: Buried, Blood Tantra, Creatures 

This is a rough recording, with the sarangi under-recorded,
and Helena and Azure under-recorded on and off; I used a small
Marshall amp (which unfortunately was directed towards the zoom);
Helena and Azure used a large stage amp/mixer system (which
unfortunately was pointed elsewhere). But you'll get the idea.
The bill also included Dan Joseph on hammered dulcimer, and
the Jesse Kudler/Barry Weisblat Duo on electronics. The evening
was a success! We had a full audience. Thanks to everyone
who helped put the event together.



Cauldron Release Set ii

YouTube
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kox7Sk0OjpQ&list=UUnKdQfHYKdGCgDQlK_dzihw&index=2&feature=plcp
http://www.youtube.com/steventobin

Some video from the evening, thanks to Steve and Leah




BURIED Apparitions


http://www.alansondheim.org/ukuu0.mp3 w/ Azure, "buried" song
http://www.alansondheim.org/ukuu1.mp3 solo uke


MARRIAGE TO LANGUAGE (words/music by Azurefrom words by Alan)


All my writing
Is an invitation 
For you to come closer

I do not know
Who you are
Nor will I know
When you come closer

When you come closer
I will not know you
When you come closer
You must heal me

All my writing
Is a desperate cry for healing

I will know you
When you heal me
I will know you
When you touch me

I will know you
When you hold me
You will know me
When I  know you

All my singing
Is an invitation 
For you to love me

I do not know
Who you are
Nor will I know you
When you love me

When you love me
I will not know you
When you love me
You must touch me

All my singing
Is a desperate cry for touching

I will know you
When you heal me
I will know you
When you touch me

I will know you
When you hold me
You will know me
When I  know you

All my talking
Is an invitation 
For you to raise me

I do not know
Who you are
Nor will I know you
When you raise me

When you raise me
I will not know you
When you raise me
You must hold me

All my talking
Is a desperate cry for holding

I will know you
When you heal me
I will know you
When you touch me

I will know you
When you hold me
You will know me
When I  know you

I will know you
I will know you
I will know you
When I know you




Fall


http://www.alansondheim.org/firrrry.mp4

We are all in gravity.

I should learn to "hang in there" but there's no place
to put the gallows.

If I tell a joke, I've already made a rigid structure
for the poles.

There's nothing funny about death and I always feel 
close enough to it that I'm temped to write a joke. 

It's raining out and the water, aided by gravity, makes
sure the bodies get wet.

Chills set in, pneumonia, you know the rest.

http://www.alansondheim.org/firry.mov probably broken, dead.



Looking Easier Than Reading

The physicality of the anomaly always asserts itself, even down the 
hierarchy of protocol layers. Google is everywhere, tabulating these and 
others; sometimes the real takes over when processing slows and crashes; I 
had one such crash during the making of the image. But the obdurate is 
there, among the remnants of sex, which are not there, and death, which 
is: that is the only equation, and one that persists in existing until 
life is eradicated. We can't place our bets because there will be no one 
to collect. Many such images as these are on many such planets, however 
ephemeral; even Mars has its markings. If a tree falls, it falls, and it's 
gone, just as the sound is gone. These gasped at zero to forty miles an 
hour and the next time the configuration will be different, as it already 
is, fading, history is fading. The truth, Badiou, is that books don't live 
forever, and Google's privacy is a sham. Anyone can burrow the database 
from within; we all live in tunnels beneath the firewalls where there is 
nothing done, nothing to be done. A friend of mine constantly takes notes 
to use against people. Badiou takes notes to how how the world's held, but 
the world's held up by philosophy in both senses of the phrase, just not 
in the physical. It's on the way out. We're on the way out, we're already 
"that class," as my grade school teacher said, implying we'd live forever 
in infamy. She's dead now, everything in the world is different and 
sattered, shattering. If you're born in the middle of it, you die in the 
middle of it. We're just desperate to keep alive, we dream of sex and 
fantasy, in the imaginary, die, in the real, and grovel in surplus in the 
symbolic. These images are tombstone, graves, they're beneath the ground, 
on the bridge they're struggling. I do philosophy this way because it's 
easier to read.

http://www.alansondheim.org/sub1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sub2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sub3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sub4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sub5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sub6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sub7.jpg



Music for Our 11th Wedding Anniversary

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/842 (best listening)

Today is Azure's and my 11th wedding anniversary! 
So we keep working with voice and the old sarangi, which now
has four strings tuned somewhat like the sindhi sarangi. We
might be able to use it for the Electronic Literature Conf.
in West Virginia, but it's hard to see how we'll get the 
instrument down. In any case, we quite like anniv3 and 
anniv4 is a ukulele solo in celebration and joy at our being
together for almost thirteen years! Love, Alan and Azure

http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/anniv1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/anniv2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/anniv3.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/anniv4.mp3




American Museum of Natural History

relatively unlabeled hodge-podge of biodiversity (which is rapidly
coming to an end as extinctions increase world-wide). the flora,
fauna, fungi, and so forth are indicated by shape and design, not
by biomes (although to be fair, the rest of the museum is based on
them) - the design exhausts the idea of natural history, which is
neither nature nor history, nor any combination of these troubled
terms. the museum itself is caught in a time-warp of a dying
planet: the bookstore features books about the crisis, and the 
wild animal panoramas now seem sepulchers. the museum is a tomb of
life-forms, doing what it can against the onslaught. the life-
forms themselves are mythologies denuded of microbial and other
subtle environmental factors; what counts is display. there were
children everywhere, loving it; i hope at the very least that the
sense of wonder that was clearly awakened leads to commitment
before it's too late for all of us.

http://www.alansondheim.org/amnh3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/amnh4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/amnh5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/amnh6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/amnh7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/amnh8.jpg



nervous avatar


http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/843 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/nervousavatar.mp3

Azure, Avatarmam,, Alan, Violin

at first hated this then thought it carried over the sinew
of avatarman working beneath the surface, the nervous energy
that can't be stopped, that changes constantly, you want to
say please slow up, you'll have an avatar heart-attack, you
reply, an avatar has no heart, i reply, you hated this then
thought it carried over the arteries of avatarwoman working
beneath the surface, electric energy that can't be stopped,
that changes constantly, you wanted to say, please speed, 
you'll have an avatar fugue-state, i reply, an avatar has 
no states, you say, you loved this when you knew avatars,
when you knew them, conformal sheets that bind then applied 
with feynman diagrams, all those confluences, then split, 
proper time of the avatars working beneath the surface, 
relativistic energy, hamiltonians, lagrangians, you wanted 
to say that you wanted to say that avatars wanted them, you 
wanted to say that avatars wanted them





