
Where are you, Gabrielle?

http://www.alansondheim.org/whereareyou.mp3 (sarinda)

Where are you, Xena?



My failures

I have failed to find a calling.
I have failed to live in Japan for any length of time.
I have failed to learn Chinese, Japanese, Assyrian.
I have failed to accept the darkness within me.
I have failed to learn higher mathematics.
I have failed life and I have not learned how to fail death.
I have failed in bravery and have settled for the role of coward.
I have failed to overcome my laziness.
I have failed to stop my obsessive behavior.
I have failed to not admire addictions.
I have failed in four marriages.
I have failed to face death.
I have failed to overcome depression.
I have failed in becoming anything identifiable.
I have failed learning how to be other than a dilettante.
I have failed healing myself or healing anyone else.
I have failed not to be jealous of the success of others.
I have failed to overcome my fear of death.
I have failed to discriminate between weeds and vermin and 
good plants and creatures.
I have failed to stop writing begging letters.
I have failed to like human beings as a whole.
I have failed to eliminate my self-centeredness.
I have failed learning electronics in depth.
I have failed to learn the depths of any musical instrument.
I have failed my parents.
I have failed in learninng Anglo-Saxon.
I have failed my friends.
I have failed to study biochemistry.
I have failed to not be a nuisance.
I have failed to forgive.
I have failed knowing when to berate myself.
I have failed to be the perfect partner for Azure.
I have failed seeing the glory of a god or any other deity.
I have failed to take care of myself.
I have failed to listen to others.
I have failed in my passive aggressiveness.
I have failed to believe in the goodness of human beings.
I have failed to believe in the soul.
I have failed to become a theorist.
I have failed to learn string theory and elementary particle 
theory.
I have failed in my abject sexuality.
I have failed to travel to China or India.
I have failed learning how to throw the discus properly.
I have failed to assert myself nicely.
I have failed this.
I have failed to not berate myself.
I have failed to comprehend calculus.
I have failed to meditate.
I have failed to be selfless.
I have failed to avoid mourning.
I have failed to understand quantum field theory.
I have failed to curtail my silent weeping.
I have failed to learn to sing.
I have failed learning how to live and do the simplest things.
I have failed learning how to live for others.
I have failed learning how to live in an empty universe.
I have failed to be included in any major shows or galleries.
I have failed so many people in so many different ways.
I have failed to learn Sanskrit and Tibetan.
I have failed as a father and failed my daughter who has 
failed me.
I have failed to understand infinitesimals and surreal numbers.
I have failed to believe in inherent goodness.
I have failed to learn proper intonation.
I have failed to remain at any university for any length of time.
I have failed to ask forgiveness.
I have failed to accept failure.
I have failed my true nature.
I have failed to become spiritual.
I have failed to accept technophilia.
I have failed learning how not to be scared.
I have failed knowing how not to berate myself.
I have failed to learn how to live well.
I have failed to get a doctorate.
I have failed to believe in God or any spirit.
I have failed to become a poet.
I have failed to create a comfortable life for myself.
I have failed to understand the connection between physics and 
mathematics.
I have failed to have a good night's sleep in my life.
I have failed to publish a book of philosophy.
I have failed to not overcome hopelessness.
I have failed my father just for being alive.
I have failed to be accepted for who I am.
I have failed to speak out forcefully for Tibet.
I have failed to not be bored.
I have failed turning berating into positive change.
I have failed my mother for not becoming a professional.
I have failed to mourn without mourning myself.
I have failed becoming a videomaker or musician.
I have failed to not appear crazy or eccentric.
I have failed to edit my creative work.
I have failed to overcome an identity crisis always gnawing 
at me.
I have failed in my philosophical writing.
I have failed overcoming guilt.
I have failed apology.
I have failed everyone and everything.
I have failed saving anyone.
I have failed myself.
I have failed becoming known as a theorist or writer.
I have failed to find a gallery for my work.
I have failed in my interactive writing.
I have failed to learn computer programming in any depth.
I have failed to unite the broken branches of our extended 
family.
I have failed to eliminate nightmares from my life.
I have failed to release myself from this life.
I have failed to not feel grotesque.
I have failed to secure a group of students now.
I have failed to face my true nature.
I have failed to be accepted as an artist in any group.
I have failed to create an audience for my work.
I have failed to totally eliminate suicidal thoughts.
I have failed to comprehend Buddhism fully.
I have failed learning how to turn the other cheek.
I have failed constantly in my music.
I have failed to be anything but a bad hire.
I have failed to accept and overcome the horror of the world.
I have failed in my relationships except for Azure.
I have failed to financially sustain myself to any degree.



images, body

http://www.alansondheim.org/sarangistring.jpg
(potential for music and ascent)
I feel the strings even from the image, positioning myself
in relation to them - even the music is secondary in relation
to muscle memory.

http://www.alansondheim.org/yahrzeit.jpg
(candle and prayer wheel for our father)
memorial with photograph, light and shadow, world fading out.

http://www.alansondheim.org/leg1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/leg2.jpg
(legs)
emerging, going nowhere, pushed aside, vanquished.

http://www.alansondheim.org/bodily1.mov 
(unknown mathesis)
body mapping with cosine and exponentials, one of a series
- the others would make trouble.



Two solos of mastery

first on the 1949 di Giorgio guitar I wrote about for Signal 
noise; the second on the Afghani sarinda which I reset last
night in a number of ways, with Azure's help -

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/912 (easier)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/guitarist.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sarindist.mp3



(s)played

http://www.alansondheim.org/played.mov
http://www.alansondheim.org/bodily2.mov
http://www.flickr.com/photos/asondheim/sets/72157631493432740/
the fingers point nowhere, there's nothing alive here
whatever might be felt is in the details, invisible
or rather the details are virtual murmuring, instantaneous
something no one catches out of the corner of their eye
or in the form of a performance that exists peripherally
theory never beings nor ends where one might expect it
perhaps but it occurs always elsewhere and indefinite
the world changes in its defining and language fails
at this point to disconnect in order to connect, it's
that failure of language that constitutes theory, that
and the ruins of a curtain that shuts itself off
every one of us is shut off as if it's curtains for us
or a peripheral performance that we wear, considering it
our costume which can never be shaken or shaken off
the grid is the teething of the mesh, what constitutes
the beginnings and endings of physics, see here i am
permitted for a moment to continue thinking in this 
fashion before language becomes bereft of presence, what
i can constitute only as a stain or residue, you are
hearing me just now if you are reading, before you are
gone, outside in the street is a street, inside in the
building is an inside, what among us is theory, what is
this language that daily transforms, you are hearing me
now is what you are doing, in another street or before
or after another building or something else on the way
to disappearance, or a setup you might have supposed to
be somewhat inside the body, in place of mathesis or
other ware, the future is always a texturing

8-31-12 2 twitches in the evening (& 2 yesterday)
9-01-12 2 slight this afternoon
9-02-12 twitch 2:25 2 twitches @ 6:30 pm
9-4-12 1 twitch @ 4pm-ish maybe a second one later
9-10-12 1:05 am bad twitch (now)



The Essay in All its Forms


The Beginning

This is where the essay begins, with the title of this line 
performing modernism.

The Middle

The twitching in my left frontal lobe apparently isn't the result 
of TIA, but a stylistic device originating in postmodernism.

The End

I came and wrote and died, an original ending stemming from my own 
immutable style related to early European phenomenology and late 
American (including Canada of course) new media content.

The Middle of the End

I extend my life through writing, this could just as easily be 
Wittgenstein's laundry list or post-mortem memo. Back to the
twitches: I haven't had any today, creating a sense of worry in 
the reader who might assume something is coming like the metaphor 
of a dust-storm just over the horizon.

The End of the End

I pride myself on the cleverness of my cleverness, in imitation of 
current writers (there must be many) who - later, rather than 
sooner (I'm always optimistic) - will inevitably fall through the 
cracks.

So a new beginning, and here I am. If I've learned anything, it's 
this - there's no way I can look around and understand everything 
I'm seeing.

Whatever I cut up will have a new beginning and a new invocation - 
where the essay begins, performing a new style, having been borne 
across any number of genres and motivations.

So again "I find myself in the middle of things" and the middle is 
always where I find myself, and is always a muddle. Like <your name 
here> I pride myself on the clarity of my words.

Aren't our words always clear to ourselves? Or we might return to 
the beginning of the sentence or book, appalled at what we have 
found, which we'd gladly erase if we hadn't already been in the 
middle of it - the middle of the beginning.

The End of the End is a phrase constituting a breath or pause in an 
essay taking its roots from what is already plagiarized, there's no 
need to go into details.

Or necessity. There's no necessity to go into details.

It's a reached point but it's also a phrase that might or might 
not need correcting. Think of correction as a place: a 
correctional institute for example, which filters language inmates 
in and out of incarceration, inmates held in abeyance.

Then nothing has changed and we might add that America (Canada 
excluded) has the greatest number of words undergoing continuous 
correction, of any country on the planet. It depends (again of 
course) since every correction is already a strategy, and has 
nothing at all to do with the greater good; in fact, goodness has 
nothing to do with anything here. There is no constitutionality in 
relation to the correctness of words.

Every use modifies every other use and so in a sense every use is 
useless.

For a newness might always collapse, always necessitate correction 
- it's the same old story here, tawdry and abject, promising the 
world but delivering nothing in its stead.

The Beginning of the Beginning

This is better, an escape clause from the thinking police, 
increasingly turning paramilitary and at the service of the upper 
one per cent of the upper one per cent. Remember they know each 
other, but at the beginning of the world everything is erased.

Being erased is also the erasure of beings and of Being, so we 
might dream of new mediums, new ectoplasms, new technologies, 
carrying us forward, but carrying us without history, without 
origin, naked except for the clothes on our backs. Did we, at one 
point, say words? Were any of them saved?

And does or will this end here?




Trauma WTC

"now. i can see you World Trade Center. i can see you any time i want."

54.jpg/WTC/6.18.2002
|   +---EsperWTC
|   +---EsperWTC
?   ?       STOPWTCH.GIF
|   |       STOPWTCH.GIF
?   ?   ?       STOPWTCH.GIF
Worldwind 1.3.4 - the World Trade Center satellite image is again visible, 
burnimage cd /mnt ls cd archive cd image ls cp WTC.jpg ~/ cd ls cd / ls cd
burnimage cd /mnt ls cd archive cd image ls cp WTC.jpg ~/ cd ls cd / ls cd
burnimage cd /mnt ls cd archive cd image ls cp WTC.jpg ~/ cd ls cd / ls cd
burnimage cd /mnt ls image cp WTC.jpg ~/ / 1 