archives=the 
WTC, 5184, 2002
World Trade Center North Korea fissionable Ft. Bragg
World Trade Center etc.
  Mossad Rule Psix Uzi ammunition World Trade Center colonel Ortega
the World Trade Center bombing on the other corner, block and a half away.
demand by WTC victim families that the maps remain inviolate, shrouding 
history jpgrevert WTC.jpg > WTC.jpg WTC.jpg /mnt cd /mnt ls cd shutdown -r
history jpgrevert WTC.jpg > WTC.jpg WTC.jpg /mnt cd /mnt ls cd shutdown -r
history jpgrevert WTC.jpg > WTC.jpg WTC.jpg /mnt cd /mnt ls cd shutdown -r
Qaddafi Clinton World Trade Center Delta Force ammunition NSA counter-
With the World Trade Center attack, we have come face to face with this
With the World Trade Center attack, we have come face to face with this
With the World Trade Center attack, we have come face to face with this
during the World Trade Center bombing and its aftermath?
covering the World Trade Center tragedy, are heard.
post-WTC hybrids and code itself; the latter is mobile, always in flux,
5. Bush appeared, alive and life-like at the World Trade Center ruins
5. Bush appeared, alive and life-like at the World Trade Center ruins 
5. Bush appeared, alive life-like at World Trade Center ruins13
now. i can see you World Trade Center. i can see you any time i want.
now. i can see you World Trade Center. i can see you any time i want.
now. i can see you World Trade Center. i can see you any time i want.
bin ls cd /Sr/bin ls man imagasm ls cd ls WTC.jpg jpgpos WTC.jpg 6c ls
bin ls cd /Sr/bin ls man imagasm ls cd ls WTC.jpg jpgpos WTC.jpg 6c ls
bin ls cd /Sr/bin ls man imagasm ls cd ls WTC.jpg jpgpos WTC.jpg 6c ls
In a dark manner of speaking, after the WTC attacks, we are found where: 
Jews did not leave the World Trade Center just before it was hit.
Work on numerous sites dealing with WTC bombing, 2001
small image of a passenger plane slamming into the World Trade Center 
small image of a passenger plane slamming into the World Trade Center 
the grunds of the World Trade Center and the soundtrack is modified from 
the grunds of the World Trade Center and the soundtrack is modified from 
the grunds of the World Trade Center and the soundtrack is modified from 
the grunds of the World Trade Center and the soundtrack is modified from 
and bombing of the World Trade Center.
The memorial searchlights modeling the World Trade Center in downtown 
  Qaddafi Clinton security Rule Psix World Trade Center explosion
http://www.alansondheim.org/over1.jpg WTC site, Municipal building
background is the WTC footprint in NYC a few years ago - I'm using up my 
background is the WTC footprint in NYC a few years ago - I'm using up my 
background is the WTC footprint in NYC a few years ago - I'm using up my 
background is the WTC footprint in NYC a few years ago - I'm using up my 
to destroy the World Trade Center and everything it stoods for. They died
to destroy the World Trade Center and everything it stoods for. They died
to destroy the World Trade Center and everything it stoods for. They died
[In response to a meditation on codework and the World Trade Center, among 
Channel 2) was when the World Trade Center was bombed; it carries a heavy
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack did not receive final 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack did not receive final 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack did not receive final 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died at the hands of
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died at the hands of
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died at the hands of
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died because of the 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died because of the 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died because of the 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died for reasons 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died for reasons 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died for reasons 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died for something. 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died for something. 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack died for something. 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack just died. There is 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack just died. There is 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack just died. There is 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were all good people 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were all good people 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were all good people 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were evil. They 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were evil. They 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were evil. They 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were fated to die 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were fated to die 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were fated to die 
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were neither good nor
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were neither good nor
The people who died in the World Trade Center attack were neither good nor



bowed

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/915 easiest
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/nsarangi1.mp3 nepalese sarangi
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/nsarangi2.mp3 nepalese sarangi
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/vio1.mp3 violin
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/vio2.mp3 violin
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/sari1.mp3 afghan sarinda

and under the influence of canadian television broadcasting
and maritimes fiddle music



small field tune

http://www.alansondheim.org/nsarangi3.mp3

a field tune is played within the Higgs field, the bow's waves
disrupting gravitation and the miracle of the strong force. 
the gluons have no idea where they are; they're busy operating
within exchange values among the quarks huddled down in the
molecular structures of the Nepalese sarangi, the horsehair
bow, rosin, steel, and too many other trace substances to name
or take into account. The field tune goes on forever; cramps
drive the muscles into under-drive, and the neck-wood is worn
down as the nails attempt to hold, by friction and feedback,
their momentary positions on the strings. The field tune is a
field call as well, summoning musical structures to hold their
own, at the very least in memory, so that partial completion
might occur, creating objects out of categories and recursive
phrases that announce themselves as occurrences within dynamic
temporality. After holding, they disappear. After holding, 
memory disappears. Think of the field tune as a summoning of
fields, from Higgs through flesh and the blood-pulse of the
lungs and heart; think of the convulsed or supine body in the
midst of the field, open to the sexual rhythms of the earth 
and sky. For you, it is the appearance that the music stops for
nothing, neither life nor sex nor death; for the music, it is
nothing but the field, villagers of the imaginary at its edge,
the implanting done for the season, the whole world on a very
slow verge that stops as well for nothing, and might, in quick
shift, change everything as a body falls or a baby's born. 
Nothing lasts here, not even the field tune, but the field
itself, and the tune is an object in recording, the implanting
of time itself, as you and I might be, as well, for this and 
that. the tune is calling, you are reading, answering the call
which is already over, and the planet is dark and empty, or
bright, radiated, in every case awaiting nothing, not even the
response, within the Higgs field, itself on the verge of 
failure, according to some, and according to others, there are
no such matters at all.



sk

"If you're reading this, you're alive
but I may not be. If I'm writing this,
you're not reading this, but you may
be."

http://www.alansondheim.org/sk.mov

skin or skab or upwelling or cicatricks, it continues:
if you're seeing this, you're alive, but i may be
dying, may be wounded, you may hear suffering, and if
i'm making this, you're waiting, there in the wings,
death and wings nearby, you may be suffering, you may
be as well


Disappearing Body

http://www.alansondheim.org/whirl.mov

Mark Esper's Two-Tone Enlightenment work forms the basis
of this short video. The screen presents shadows as positive,
not negative; infrared light forms the projection source 
which is read and interpreted by revolving LEDs.

The body disappears. In the video, I imitated the effect
using video echo in an attempt to erase the body almost 
entirely. Mark's piece is brilliant, and the video is a 
byproduct; I take advantage of the illumination to create
a somewhat clumsy series of movements.

Thus the mechanical is made virtual, and the virtual made
mechanical; such reversals form the core of theory povera.



getting up

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/917 (easiest for listening)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gu0.mp3 (easiest for downloading)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gu1.mp3 "
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gu2.mp3 "
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gu3.mp3 "
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gu4.mp3 "
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gu5.mp3 "
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gu6.mp3 "
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gu7.mp3 "

when i'm down i want to get up. i'm literally haunted. 
i can't deal with the world and flatten out. i want to
die in that flatness. this time i took clonazepan. the
effect was flatter. i could live in that flatness. i
wanted to record in that flatness. i recorded a series
of getting up, some of which are horrible, and some of
which aren't, and i'm in clonazepan and can't tell the
difference and i'm afraid there may be no difference. 
what there is, this flatness, tends towards horrifying
difficulties but you can decide for yourself. i want 
to get up. so i recorded guitar, ukulele, nepalese
sarangi, sarangi, sarinda, and violin. i found bowing
difficult. i found ukulele easy and guitar difficult
because there were so many things to do on guitar. on
nepalese sarangi i went up into wails where octaves 
and other sounds might have been. sarinda is always 
hard and everywhere and still carries the dead. violin
is just that, nervous and jerky and i don't know what 
i'm doing and on sarangi, which is not the same as
nepalese sarangi, i no longer know what i'm doing. i
used the synthetic bow which made everything difficult
and i'm not sure why i didn't change to traditional
which slides less but the flatness took control. i
think sometimes bad music is more interesting than 
good music and i'm not sure any of this music is at 
all interesting but it is interesting with medication
which is a problem because i don't usually play in 
these conditions. the medication flattens a sense of
loss in my life, my harboring of death, the death of
my favor and split up of the rest of the family, and 
with my daughter there is real hatred which emerges 
from the flatness into music like strange attractors
back from the small town i was raised in. by 'back,'
they've arrived and i had to flatten them, i had to
flatten everything and then i had to get up and the
medicine flattened and then i was enabled to get up,
but then the sounds are different and perhaps i wasn't
able to do that at all, the gu* of the titles standing
in for getting up, but also the first letters of one
of the more difficult tantras, all of them together as
some sort of bad medicine which is what i think is 
within me, from birth, and then with this flattening,
almost corrosive, holding me down but giving me the
slight space to play, even though the manner of play 
might leave much to be desired, such as clarity which
only comes when peaks are permitted in one's life.



sound and text

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/919
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/saxinda.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/saxangi.mp3
  diasparra, baritone, sondheim, various

state of my mid which obsesses aboyout deatgh byout 
h=jyoust not now, now :it's a new file, it's where 
thig=ngs are going to happen in spite of the ::that, this 
locationj is closed, it won't be remembered, not a bit at 
all, : Your soiled and happen here and it is a location 
which won't be remembered, she said is in my catatonic 
nothing's there of jennifer's gone somewhere else Your 
womb seeps into my nothing's there of jennifer's gone 
somewhere else - turn ing me Julu-Jennifer state of my mid 
which obsesses aboyout deatgh byout h=jyoust not now, now 
it's : it's a new file, it's where thig=ngs are going to 
happen in spite of the ::somew here else Yoyour womb seeps 
into my nothing's there of jennifer's gone ::it's a new 
file, it's where thig=ngs are going to happen in spite of 
the Your sleazy remembered, she said is in my catatonic 
nothing's there of jennifer' s gone is in my used state of 
my mid which obsesses aboyoyout deatgh byoyout h= jyoyoust 
not now, now Your your penis seeps into my state of my mid 
which obsesses aboyoyout deatgh by oyout h=jyoyoust not 
now, now - turning me Julu-Jennifer state of my mid which 
obsesses aboyout deatgh byout h=jyoust not now, now it's : 
it's a new file, it's where thig=ngs are going to happen 
in spite of the :::aboy oyout deatgh byoyout h=jyoyoust 
not now, now it's :it's a new file, it's Would mind you 
partying, state of my mid which obsesses aboyout deatgh 
byout h= jyoust not now, now it's , with us? Your poor me 
Jyoulyou-Jennifer is in my soiled somewhere else - 
tyourning me Jyo ulyou-Jennifer state of my mid which 
obsesses Ah, my makeup eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and 
julu-depressed state of my mid which obsesses about deatgh 
but h=just not now, now it's :it's a new file, it's where 
thig=ngs are going to happen in spite of the ::: Your 
thrusting IIr stick! What do II call IIr lively flower? is 
in my depressed JIIlII-Jennifer state of my mid which 
obsesses here, it's my makeup? Devour thrusting IIr stick! 
What do II call IIr lively flower? julu-of-the party ing 
state of my mid which obsesses about deatgh but h=just not 
now, now it's ! excerpt dealing with body and code:work 
dealing with body and code:Yes, sure -:21124:0:Julu 
Twine:an interview breathless:language:code :body :work:an 
interview excerpt


Macheen

http://www.alansondheim.org/macheen1.mp3 Afghan sarinda and 
     street noise
http://www.alansondheim.org/macheen2.mp3 Nepalese sarangi 
     and street noise

The street noise is increasing as the arena nears completion
- now Flatbush Avenue has been scraped clean, dug up, metal-
plated, in the middle of the night, streets closed off, 
opened again, cars stuttering by, machinery roaring, and I'm
trying to focus on these - at least for me - beautiful and
difficult instruments. The sarinda needs leisure, I think,
at least a meditative space, to play well; my nerves are on
edge and I think, how can I use this to my advantage. The 
sounds, like always from the sarinda, are from another 
space, sounds I haven't heard before, that seem to come from
elsewhere, cutting through the machinery and corruption
going on in this part of New York to everyone's delight. The
Rolling Stones will be playing! Dylan! The Nets! I'll be 
here, in some sort of strange counter-activity, counter-
production, sarinda barely audible in the chaos. I fully
expect the building to burn down, without the descent of
angels. We want to move. I'm not going to kill myself (in 
case you're still thinking that); I'm just descending deeper
into an internal chaos that has no occasion for recuperation
- there's no healing when there's no space for it. But the
sarinda clears away the noise, accommodates itself to those
other voice I'm hearing, the wailings of the dead, or of
those yet to be born, only to face the ongoing slaughter of
everything on the planet - humans, 25,000 elephants, accord-
ing to the latest issue of National Geographic ...



The Core


http://www.alansondheim.org/core.mp4

If I could back it up, I'd back it up and move elsewhere
and have a few moments of quiet; instead, this is the 
king and we are the subject; this is the object, and we 
are the citizen without rank; this is the noise, and we
are the silence; this is the Core and we are the periphery.
We try and make do and my neighbor smashed his laptop out
of frustration and water's coming through the roof again
into our place and I've lost time and space dealing with
emptiness. I'm not complaining; I'd love to leave the
planet and its Republican and ignorant horror, taking 
Azure and Ossi the cat with me, but instead, the Core is
seeping into us at 75 or 80 db and there's no recourse;
the Core is what controls the finance and the tearing-out
of neighborhoods, replacing them with Dylan and Lady Gaga,
and we keep functioning as if nothing is happening, while
inside the body, there is the whirring and slaughter of
knives, the bones sawed through, the tissues lubricated
with high-speed fluid, the machines stopping for nothing.
When the Coliseum was built, there were no complaints 
passed down to us, and ours are lost as well with clever
puns and sleepless nights and rage replacing any gesture
that might achieve something. This is the lesson of
capital: It achieves, it marches forward, and nothing 
stops it; it is as inert, as obdurate, as idiotic, as
Rosset's real, about which nothing can be said, because
even with speech, there is no speech act, nothing left
to be meant, nothing left of meaning. It is the differ-
end of the differend, a second order effect that trans-
forms capital into the very substance of the world, the
hold-fast which gnaws at flesh, animal or otherwise, 
which develops for the sake of development. Our protests
have been chimeras, have been in vain; they exist within
the imaginary, not even uncanny, not even perturbations
that demand the slightest bit of attention. Global 
capital moves at unbelievably high speed, past Virilio's
dreamlands; it pays no attention to anything, not even
flow or flux, not even the optics that carry it forward.
But it's global capital that's the Core, that's tearing
us up, permanently, and forever; accompanied by the
seizures of eminent domain, declarations of blighted
neighborhoods, corrupt rivers of multi-national capital
that remains intrinsically nameless - there is nothing 
to be done, no way to move out. The flesh is dying here,
the birds are disappearing, crime rises as desperate
people search for remnants that might keep them alive
for a while long; Ballard's world has come true, down 
to the smallest detail, as people who can afford to,
enclave themselves and gather their money and weaponry
around them. For us, we're already thrown under the
tank treads of the machine; chaos reigns and grows as
obdurate capital sits and gathers itself. No longer
intensifications or strange attractors - instead, we
have n-brane networks of surfaces that have no need 
to recognize the subject. Everything is object; 
everything is ground up; everything is slurry. We live
to die, to be replaced, although that is no longer 
necessary. And these words, like any others, are 
surplus and redundant; new meaning accrues to the
idea of erasure - for us - to annihilation - for us -
th the differend - for us - to concentration - for us.
Let's not forget the surface phenomenon of the arena
exists - for us - for entertainment only, and perhaps 
a bit of the old wilding in the neighborhood - any
thing to release tension, although in the long run, 
that doesn't matter as well. I think of these as 
dispatches from an occluded front, serving little
purpose, gathered by google or facebook or some such,
such a new way to connect. Just like the real, it's
flat, connected in its disconnectedness: the 
distinction is, it appears clever, and takes up very
little time.



Streak

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/921 (easier)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/pipastreak.mp3

Changing the high string on the pipa for a modern nylon-
wrapped steel one (replacing the nylon one; I was trying
to imitate the Tang) - changed everything with the ins-
trument; it became much more responsive, and notes can
be bent at least a minor third or so. So my play becomes
a streak, constantly changing, covering about three and
a half octaves, and all sorts of techniques - streaking
breathlessly and holding everything in the world at bay.
These include: depression, misery, slaughter, death, sex,
food, drink, friends, leaks, storms, fires, suffering,
pain, sleep, ecstasy, anguish, sadness, happiness, cats,
dogs, virtual worlds, phone-calls, email, messaging,
door-bells, collapsing buildings, arenas, bulldozers,
street-scrapers, jokers, tricksters, pills, salves,
alcohol, self-mutilations, military enlistments, prayer,
offerings, sacrifices, masturbations, runnings, jumpings,
singings, whisperings, yellings, cryings, fallings,
standings, recitings, poetry, cinema, theater, poisons,
guilt, pride, honor, decency, indecency, noise, quiet,
music, sculpture, video, sitcoms, talk shows, reality
shows, hummings, strummings, thumpings, beatings, 
caressings, rollings-around, jump-ropings, dodgeball,
basketball, swimming, diving, hoping, despairing, 
millings-about, walkings here, walkings there, doorbell
ringing, incantations, sublimations, subalternations,
reconciliations, differentiations, integrations, field
theorizing, quantum fielding, cosmologies, mythologies,
snifflings, sneezing, carpet-vacuumings, eatings, 
seatings, defecatings, effacings, defacings, fevers,
elliptical pereginations, sweatings, begettings, 
funerals, mournings, evenings, noonings, mornings, and
sundries, mondays, tuesdays, wotan, thor, freida and
mars, moons, saturns, jupiters, entoplanets, asteroids,
exoplanets, dark matters, light matters, and any other
matters such as these - light energy, dark energy, and
any other matters.



Thinking about suicide *


( Note: This is not personal; I am not contemplating killing
myself; I am contemplating the subject. )

We have all been here; we have all been there.

Thinking about suicide is suicidal; already a disruption has 
occurred. But thought accomplishes nothing; there is always a 
surplus, something else to be done, something inconceivable, 
impossible.

Suicidal thought organizes around anguish and a kernel; it is 
haunted thought; it is neither private nor public; it is held 
close; it is repetition without origin; it is universal; it is 
thinking through ellipses... featureless little stories.

Life is watching life slip away, and the habitus one took for 
granted.

Suicide is accompanied by a life led under erasure, by a lack of 
attentiveness, by the withdrawal of support.

Suicidal tendencies are accompanied by new environmental stresses. 
It's the personal history, as (re)constructed, that tells itself 
repeatedly, to the exclusion of everything else.

Suicidal thought wants to bring itself to an end. 

Suicidal thought is accompanied by regrets that are always already 
without closure; staying alive is being accompanied by a permanent 
wound.

The stories one tells are always obsessive, always degrading, not 
worth their retelling, not worth a listening; keeping one alive in 
the midst of these stories is itself suicidal, the suicide of the 
suicidal.

The primal scenes aren't sexual, but everyday, and they occur 
constantly, coming into decay before they begin: suicide is a 
condition of the defuge of the narrative.

One counts the summers one has left, one lives in the regret of 
abandonment, just as much as being abandoned.

There are no actions in suicide, there are just dark thoughts 
without end, that ruin and collapse the human project. For the 
suicidal, time compresses, affect flattens, it is as if living is 
a matter of tallying integers.

Right now, the violent noises in the street drown out every 
possibility of clarity of thought; the result is a searing of 
affect that cuts through, an external life that refuses flattening 
by flattening itself.

The suicide never has a choice, and it is not the end of a 
journey; suicide is the journey itself.

To be suicidal is to be among nothing whatsoever; there is no cure 
because there is no disease, only corroded stories, within which 
corrosion itself rises to the top. One might speak of the sludge 
of suicide, its abject nature.

The curtain has been drawn down long before the curtain has 
descended. It is neither in the process of descent, nor a 
finality, and it is this stickiness, this paste, that is at the 
heart of suicide.

To refuse to listen or view the work of an artist is already the 
gate through which she steps, as the words, tones, and canvas 
collapse around her. Such collapse is continuous; like paste, it 
has no beginning and ending; like paste, it is always in the 
process of drying.

Sooner or later one is exhausted by all of this repetitive 
symptomology, and that is the suicidal, not the relief of suicide, 
but suicide itself. Suicide might not be a a death, but a living 
in the abject of death, the decay and distancing of narratives 
that once gave meaning; meaning without recognition and 
affirmation is meaningless; meaning depends on the cauterization 
and separation of states; the suicidal has no such things; what 
remains for the suicidal is junk.

It's important for the suicidal that the stories are never new, 
that they're never stories, that they're endless, torn apart like 
flesh; always whole.

The worst thing in the world is one's thinking; the best thing is 
its release; like a bubble it might go elsewhere and grow. For the 
suicidal, thought decays into stutter, and his permanent traumas, 
doomed to repeat, lose their status as emotional leverage; they 
collapse, creating a floor of debris: one crawls.

For the suicidal, a cry for help is already somewhere else: an 
act, an object with boundaries, a decision. The cry works against 
suicide, and the suicidal fights that with all her strength, which 
is failing; the fight is won by being lost, by being within a 
continual state of being lost.

Debris is the condition of unrecognized collapse; the one who 
kills himself is exhausted or idiotic. The latter is an accident 
who has not lived or died her suicide; the former is existence 
itself, always unawake, prepared.

Time is on no one's side; time is only a prolongation of the state 
of suicide; it is never a resolution or denouement. The suicidal 
never dies; there is no ending for him; what occurs is always 
before the curtain; the halted curtain is in continuous and soft 
motion; it is the slow descent of a viscous fluid on an unreadable 
and violating surface of constantly erased inscription. For the 
suicidal, to speak is to gag; there is nothing to say; everything 
is sickly sweet; and uselessness has occupied the remnants of a 
world beyond recognition.

For the suicidal, there is nothing to be said; it is as if the 
suicide note were written as an object for others, guaranteeing 
for them, the others, what appears to be an object, a death. But 
for the suicidal, there is no such thing; it is always and forever 
a prolongation...

