=


fungi, Revolutionary War trail, morality

http://www.flickr.com/photos/asondheim/sets/72157631824845443/

On a birding trip through Staten Island, distracted by fungi, puffball 
spore smoke, remains of a Revolutionary War trail, and Boy Scout Camp 
morality guides
45 photos	 | 0 views | Add a comment?
items are from 21 Oct 2012.

On a birding trip through Staten Island, distracted by fungi, puffball
spore smoke, remains of a Revolutionary War trail, and Boy Scout Camp
morality guides
45 photos | 0 views | Add a comment?
items are from 21 Oct 2012.
44 photos	 | 0 views | Add a comment?
items are from 21 Oct 2012.


scalings

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/949 (better)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/scalings.mp3 pipa

heavily sleep-deprived,feverish,chills,induced-errors,
minor-problems in motor-coordination,stumblings,
misplacements,mispacements,sumblings,hills,everish,
ascendents,descendents,scalings,slices,remove them
from my eyes,my eyes move them,sweeping,weepings,
jags,i will do this,i will conker every mountain,
maintain every stringing,minglings,callings,mine are,
these eyes,burning,weeping,fires,fingers like lead,
leading,unfailing,last moving,dear god listen to
scalings this is my prayer to sing like this,
ascendent,descent,long and slow waves,heavily sleep-
deprived,fevish,ills,duced-erros,mined in motors,
fumblings,skills,slices,spaces,paces,kills,everish



erros

For the xxx online conference this coming Friday - the meantime, 
the physical world is the Disaster of the xxx. We against war, the 
wounded images from xxx mocap - upload one of the obdurate world 
of the dancer - no jump cuts in the real - xxx movement of bodies 
without jump cuts - absence of jump cuts and the xxx relation to 
deepen xxx - then there's the world as unaccountable, unaccounted- 
for, etc. On xxx, pain and cosmologies, and distorted or xxx - the 
Other, multiverse - images of the cosmos, not from a xxx, but from 
a Please look at xxx 4 in particular. xxx Show Installation, last 
incarnation hypnotically within a second life, that most xxx of 
all the xxx of dreams and xxx in the midst of dark xxx version of 
the Cyposium talk giving in a few difficult instruments; here are 
the Afghan sarinda (or xxx), solo pipa slightly in the xxx style a 
xxx, traffic, subway, street-stuff; I xxx Mother-Structures and 
their Offspring - xxx beneath the tonic - xxx ma pa xxx xxx and 
variants - xxx ma xxx - xxx pa xxx and now he's back to sing his 
song, & of xxx for a door of hope;  and songs except when & when 
you sing xxx them you are sick & when you sing them you are sick 
xxx & and teeth cradled by immobile lips. it's up to love 
listening to you sing xxx i wish you xxx xxx & all now they sing 
an xxx tune." & i love listening to you sing xxx i wish you xxx 
xxx & will infants die, angels sing in choirs & so well. and i am 
nikuko, & ringing, my camera gone clicking, my xxx sing wires do 
talk clatter & ringing, my camera gone clicking, my xxx xxx blood 
xxx but now i will sing an opera & still closer, and xxx. they 
quiet, peaceful. arms, sing softly.  cry quietly & and of resolute 
deity & p. sing for the xxx, ring for the xxx & come to & xxx sing 
this song so softly & i'd sing in xxx i'd cry in xxx flies & 
indicates how deaf we really are; xxx are amazing, starlings cry 
quietly. & a moon no still and sing i stupid my xxx stupid there 
is there riddle no & and still i sing my stupid xxx & s/he sing 
this thing xxx bones xxx xxx an xxx & if you sing we shoot faster 
& if you don't "i-xxx who shall sing to you:" & "i-xxx who shall 
sing to you:" & s/he sing this thing xxx bones xxx xxx an xxx & 
cut me a river______ again. & someone saw grey-brown fox. when i'm 
fish xxx sing dogs with i will sing to you!" & "i-xxx who shall 
sing to you:" & my song can't a very sad song about losing things! 
& "i-xxx who shall sing to you:" xxx tune." & all letters sing 
only of sex and death. wonderful influence ! for Chris xxx 
influence between violin and xxx sarangi the xxx sarangi is tuned 
in fourth, unison, fifth like xxx music which is a kind of 
breakthrough! Sung xxx xxx played on the sung xxx and recorded 
until the battery ran out. the sung xxx is used in northern 
Thailand; similar to the xxx instrument is xxx; mine is antique, 
sound similar to the xxx banjo. playing the Maurice xxx oud almost 
at a whisper soulful xxx xxx it's raining out and tinnitus is 
acting up. the electric saz xxx on a furiously raining day. i 
might add nothing on this xxx xxx day. xxx and soulful tuneless 
xxx xxx diasparra tenor sax On a xxx trip through Staten Island, 
distracted by fungi, puffball minor-problems in 
motor-coordination,xxx, misplacements,xxx,xxx,hills,xxx, 
xxx,descendents,scalings,slices,remove them from my eyes,my eyes 
move them,sweeping,xxx, xxx,i will do this,i will conker every 
mountain, maintain every stringing,xxx,xxx,mine are, 
deprived,xxx,ills,xxx-xxx,mined in motors, 
xxx,skills,slices,spaces,paces,kills,xxx

For the Cyposium online conference this coming Friday - the 
meantime, the physical world is the Disaster of the Anthropocene. 
We against war, the wounded images from chicago mocap - upload one 
of the obdurate world of the dancer - no jump cuts in the real - 
eal movement of bodies without jump cuts - absence of jump cuts 
and the body's relation to deepen tanglement - then there's the 
world as unaccountable, unaccounted- for, etc. On empyre, pain and 
cosmologies, and distorted or factured - the Other, multiverse - 
images of the cosmos, not from a deatched, but from a Extropian 
Show Installation, last incarnation hypnotically within a second 
life, that most sleeplike of all the finery of dreams and fantasms 
in the midst of dark highspeed version of the Cyposium talk giving 
in a few difficult instruments; here are the Afghan sarinda (or 
suroz), solo pipa slightly in the chinese style a vaporizer, 
traffic, subway, street-stuff; I Bourbakian Mother-Structures and 
their Offspring - microtone beneath the tonic - sa ma pa di sa and 
variants - sa ma sa and now he's back to sing his song, & of achor 
for a door of hope;  and songs except when & when you sing lala 
them you are sick & when you sing them you are sick lalal & and 
teeth cradled by immobile lips. it's up to love listening to you 
sing lorelei i wish you godspeed lohengrin & all now they sing an 
origami tune." & i love listening to you sing lorelei i wish you 
godspeed lohengrin & will infants die, angels sing in choirs & so 
well. and i am nikuko, & ringing, my camera gone clicking, my 
feets sing wires do talk clatter & ringing, my camera gone 
clicking, my feets alan's blood blahblah but now i will sing an 
opera & still closer, and armageddon. they quiet, peaceful. arms, 
sing softly.  cry quietly & and of resolute deity & p. sing for 
the nonce, ring for the ponce & come to & i'll sing this song so 
softly & i'd sing in oklahoma i'd cry in oklahoma flies & 
indicates how deaf we really are; birdsongs are amazing, starlings 
cry quietly. & a moon no still and sing i stupid my toon stupid 
there is there riddle no & and still i sing my stupid toon & s/he 
sing this thing wen bones ar mones an grones & if you sing we 
shoot faster & if you don't "i-phaedra who shall sing to you:" & 
"i-phaedra who shall sing to you:" & s/he sing this thing wen 
bones ar mones an grones & cut me a river______ again. & someone 
saw grey-brown fox. when i'm fish gotta sing dogs with i will sing 
to you!" & "i-phaedra who shall sing to you:" & my song can't a 
very sad song about losing things! & "i-phaedra who shall sing to 
you:"  origami tune." & all letters sing only of sex and death.  
wonderful influence ! for Chris Nolte influence between violin and 
Nepalese sarangi the Nepalese sarangi is tuned in fourth, unison, 
fifth like thie music which is a kind of breakthrough!  Sung Lisu 
Proem played on the sung lisu and recorded until the battery ran 
out. the sung lisu is used in northern Thailand; similar to the 
samisen instrument is fretless; mine is antique, sound similar to 
the fretless banjo.  playing the Maurice Shehata oud almost at a 
whisper soulful tuneless lalala it's raining out and tinnitus is 
acting up.  the electric saz lalala on a furiously raining day.  
i might add nothing on this greyful brightless day.  duos and 
soulful tuneless duos chris diasparra tenor sax On a birding trip 
through Staten Island, distracted by fungi, puffball
 minor-problems in motor-coordination,stumblings,  
misplacements,mispacements,sumblings,hills,everish,  
ascendents,descendents,scalings,slices,remove them  from my 
eyes,my eyes move them,sweeping,weepings,  jags,i will do this,i 
will conker every mountain,  maintain every 
stringing,minglings,callings,mine are,  
deprived,fevish,ills,duced-erros,mined in motors,  
fumblings,skills,slices,spaces,paces,kills,everish


Duets with Azure Carter

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/951 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/dueta.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/duetb.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/duetc.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/duetd.mp3

Azure Carter, voice, songs
Alan Sondheim, sarangi, Afghan sarinda (suroz)

Could use feedback on these - quite like them,
using close-in recording technique. Thanks,
Alan



Triolets

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/952 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/1118.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/1119.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/1120.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/1121.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/1122.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/1123.mp3

Chris Diasparra, tenor sax
Azure Carter, voice and songs
Alan Sondheim, oud, violin, suroz, pipa

feedback appreciated! we're moving into
new territory! unknown! magnifiCAT!


insect music

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/954
http://www.espdisk.com/alansondheim/insect.mp3

for solo suroz



my look in the curtains of the nite

http://www.alansondheim.org/aalaan1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/aalaan2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/aalaan3.jpg

my look in the curtains of the nite looks back,
nothing is left; even behind my back.
the light looks towards me, i am in the way,
everything is lit behind my back.

there's a sea to the left held in the frame
above my head, where i can't look back.
there's a curtain minding me, behind my back,
closing in, some day it takes me back.

there are billows behind me, just below my back,
where the gist of dreams slurry from the frame.
in despair i search, the sea on the way back
is lit by failing light already turning back.

nothing backs the way, nothing frames the back,
the way back frames the sea, the faces, the way.



royal waters

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/957 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/royal1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/royal2.mp3

solo viola very different from each other

in 1972 my parents' home in Pennsylvania was flooded; I lost
 everything there.
in 1963 a storage closet in Providence was flooded; I lost a
 great number of instruments and other materials.
in 1982 my freight container back from Tasmania was flooded;
 I lost everything.
in 2011 my father's home in Pennsylvania was almost flooded
 after he died; my brother and sister-in-law were evacuated.
in 2011 I was attacked for photographing devastated flood 
 areas in Pennsylvania.
in our Brooklyn place, we've had three separate leaks in the
 industrial skylights, leaks along the front wall (the entire
 outer wall of the building had to be replaced), leaks by
 five windows, leaks from the shower, toilet, and sink.
in 2011 I found soaked and moldy work of mine in my father's
 house in Pennsylvania.
around 1975 I almost drowned off the coast of Nova Scotia in
 winter.
around 2012 I changed my personal pronoun to We.



hiricane

our place in Brooklyn has been prone to flooding in the past; you're 
likely not to hear from me after Sunday night or Monday morning unless we 
have some sort of miracle. the model's aren't looking good at all; NYC has 
moved a bit closer to the projected center path than indicated this 
morning - no, we need to be here to move stuff if the water starts pouring 
in and we don't want our place to flood out the ones below us, also have 
to take care of the cat of course! or she has to take care of us. - doubt 
it will be a misjudgment, I've been thru hurricanes before. Hope you do 
well there! Landfall around Atlantic City... SANDY EXPECTED TO BRING 
LIFE-THREATENING STORM SURGE FLOODING TO THE MID-ATLANTIC COAST... 
INCLUDING LONG ISLAND SOUND AND NEW YORK HARBOR... ...WINDS EXPECTED TO BE 
NEAR HURRICANE FORCE AT LANDFALL.. be careful! National Guard's being 
deployed here - With hurricane Sandy forecast to hit the East Coast 
tomorrow morning, Panix's office staff will be working remotely on Monday, 
Oct. 29th. You may expect your phone calls to go to voicemail and be 
returned after some delay.  Please use the usual staff addresses (finger 
info for a full list) for fastest response. Panix's network infrastructure 
is located in facilities that are above the flood zones.  We are not 
anticipating any interruption in services.  (Individual customer 
connectivity may be affected by phone company infrastructure failures or 
localized power outages.) Thanks Already weird stuff - a woman got 
stranded on our roof - she'd entered from the hatch of another building, 
and the hatch closed behind her, she was hysterical. But we did see Brant 
down near the shoreline which was incredible in the wind - studio was 
built on low ground that flooded - it was a in a tin warehouse flooding, 
the broken air-conditioner, the ripped-up flooring, right after my father 
died, bad flooding in the valley; the Susquehanna at Wilkes-Barre rose to 
42.66 feet, above flood stage, but the towns were flooded. relative, and 
Marjorie, who died there a year ago, Her house was flooded. I live and 
breathe water, water is all I know, it has destroyed me, immersed me, 
drowned me, drowned my sorrows and joys. Hittite for water: _water._ 
Forecasters warn it will likely collide with a cold front from the West to 
spawn a superstorm that could slog along the Eastern Seaboard for days -- 
meaning even more wind, flooding and power outages. The weather is 
hurricane, tornado, blizzard, tsunami, monsoon, earthquake, aster, the 
whole computer room twisted in hurricane dry agony. Her drip- ing 
hurricanes of collisions, hurricanes of inconceivable violence. katrina 
pulled a southerly turn and i think the eye was hurricanes suck animal 
health suck katrina hurricane katrina the fuck up which is hurricane 
katrina part iithe cover up saying on sunday a day before hurricane 
katrina made landfall uphp k true gutter to katrina fuck you spam and 
phishing scams try to capitalize on the hurricane katrina tragedy a week 
after hurricane katrina the levee is hurricane katrina part iithe cover up 
saying on sunday a day before hurricane katrina made landfall katrina for 
fucking up my city im stuck on violent hurricanes. the life-span of humans 
will begin a temporarily hurricane force world-wide, too much is too 
little, we should die among all, dead cities, living forest, of hurricane 
force world-wide, too much just this not that, make us prey-dismember, do 
:::hurricane force hurricane force world-wide, too much is too little, we 
should die among living forest, of hurricane force world-wide, too much is 
too little, we cities, living forest, of hurricane force world-wide, too 
much is too all, dead cities, living forest, of hurricane force 
world-wide, too much just this not that, make us prey-dismember, do 
:::hurricane force torn hurricane fabrics, tsunami restless and fast 
beneath the waves, hurricanes of collisions, hurricanes of inconceivable 
violence. richly, thou bearest in abundance. wind and hurricane, thou 
lapse into (floods, hurricanes, tornados, droughts, etc.) in the 
foreseeable future. by the _wish_ itself.

We had to drill a hole in the ceiling to let the hurricane water drain
We had to drill a hole in the ceiling to let the hurricane water drain
We had to drill a hole in the ceiling to let the hurricane water drain


..... watched the hurricane on tv
..... the hurricane is me and it spells error
..... the hurricane is a sort of murder
..... vote for bush the hurricane
..... i forget the hurricane

kerry patter forget going the hurricane vote i'm ..... a and a ..... new 
lovely, hurricane .....  tv slain wonderful highway ..... at with brain tv 
hurricane the .....  .....  hurricane lovely, the pain vote i wonderful 
for .....  new a the murder sight give .....  is hurricane feet .....  a 
pray for the hurricane that it rusts our armor


Hurricane Sandy

some audio files - sounds from inside our place from
the skylights; playing nepalese sarangi and sarangi
with the sounds; police radio - note the stranded
cars with water rising, fires, etc.; a few shots from
our excursion out with Gary Wiebke holding the piece
of wallboard that almost killed me, and a tree around
the corner which has split and killed a smaller ginko
next to it as well. The buoy videos fascinate me,
taken from a Brooklyn waterfront pier yesterday as 
the storm approached. We're hanging in, everything is
roaring.

http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh5.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh6.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh11.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyh12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/buoy2.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/buoy1.mp4



aftermath

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/958
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/aftermath0.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/aftermath1.mp3

2 pipa pieces with background machinery sounds of hurricane
cleanup on our street. yes, it was hard to concentrate, yes,
the pipa high string goes slightly out of tune, yes, my 
nerves are frayed, yes, they're taking away the tree that
fell, yes, there are sirens but not during these pieces. and
yes the lights are on yes they stopped flickering yes the
cats are safe yes the brants have gone yes it's still 
emergency yes dr. joyce stop asking so many questions yes 
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes 



storm out sutured out

inverted sutures and bodies, excluded, cut off, cauterized
this is territory i occupy, and no one else
this is my walled estate, domicile, this is homesteading
my unique brand of music and sound a gift from somewhere
inexplicable at least to myself this gift of sound and music

sutured out of the ordinary world i play in my own 
i make dwarf fortresses where only i can produce these things
i hide within them peering out at successful musicians
 and artists and anyone successful more than i am and them

storm oud i made from debris and storms and oud
storm oud 1 and 2 are made from similar debris scale and
 different right hand techniques
storm oud 3 takes advantage of storm oud 1 and 2 but hollow
storm oud 1 and 2 and 3 play with open wolf note of oud

i hold my breath and hide and wait for your verdict
i shall never be consigned to hell no one else can do this
no one else can play like this i am unique among others
i hide and hide my uniqueness my playing true and faultless

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/960 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/stormoud1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/stormoud2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/stormoud3.mp3



unlucky website

my unlucky asondheim.org that got bought out from under me
alone in the world forever yes it is

sadness 
 													 
Month	Unique visitors	Number of visits Pages	Hits	Bandwidth
Jan 2012	0	0	0	0	0
Feb 2012	0	0	0	0	0
Mar 2012	0	0	0	0	0
Apr 2012	0	0	0	0	0
May 2012	0	0	0	0	0
Jun 2012	0	0	0	0	0
Jul 2012	0	0	0	0	0
Aug 2012	0	0	0	0	0
Sep 2012	0	0	0	0	0
Oct 2012	0	0	0	0	0
Nov 2012	0	0	0	0	0
Dec 2012	0	0	0	0	0
Total	0	0	0	0	0
   
Days of month	 
																														 	
Nov	 	Average

Day	Number of visits	Pages	Hits	Bandwidth
01 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
02 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
03 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
04 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
05 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
06 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
07 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
08 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
09 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
10 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
11 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
12 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
13 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
14 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
15 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
16 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
17 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
18 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
19 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
20 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
21 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
22 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
23 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
24 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
25 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
26 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
27 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
28 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
29 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
30 Nov 2012	0	0	0	0
Average	0	0	0	0
Total	0	0	0	0

 
Days of week	 
						
Day	Pages	Hits	Bandwidth
Mon	0	0	0
Tue	0	0	0
Wed	0	0	0
Thu	0	0	0
Fri	0	0	0
Sat	0	0	0
Sun	0	0	0

Hours	 
																							
Hours	Pages	Hits	Bandwidth
00	0	0	0
01	0	0	0
02	0	0	0
03	0	0	0
04	0	0	0
05	0	0	0
06	0	0	0
07	0	0	0
08	0	0	0
09	0	0	0
10	0	0	0
11	0	0	0
 	
Hours	Pages	Hits	Bandwidth
12	0	0	0
13	0	0	0
14	0	0	0
15	0	0	0
16	0	0	0
17	0	0	0
18	0	0	0
19	0	0	0
20	0	0	0
21	0	0	0
22	0	0	0
23	0	0	0




Notes on the virtual and others, comments welcome


Hamilton - notes for the macGRID 2012 Workshop presentation, 11-87-12.
http://hmcwordpress.mcmaster.ca/macgrid/

"macGRID is a robust, archivable, simulation research platform and a 
corresponding network of academic, industry and community partners who 
wish to engage in multidisciplinary research and creation, and resource 
and knowledge sharing, using avatar virtual worlds and mixed reality 
systems (currently with OpenSim). This initiative is led by Dr. David 
Harris Smith, Assistant Professor in Communication Studies & Multimedia at 
McMaster, and has been advanced by collaborators and contributors 
including new media artist Ian Murray, Humanities Media Computing, 
SHARCNET High Performance Computing, GRAND NCE, Dr. Eleni Stroulia and 
students at the Department of Computing Science at the University of 
Alberta, and Dr. Suzanne Crosta, Dean of Humanities and Dr. Mo Elbestawi, 
Vice President of Research at McMaster." (from the Website)

DIRECTORIES: chic/dance/mocapstills/sl/wvu

Early on, wanted to work with 'generalized modules' that allowed anything 
to be made out of anything - they were analog, PCM, parameter-control- 
modules. You could build anything from analog to video synthesizers from 
them as well as control units for multi-media displays.

Dreamed of portable keyboards for working while driving; an early adaptor 
of portable tape technologies (audio/video).

Jump to virtual worlds: In virtual worlds, you can _do anything,_ and _do 
it live_ with planetary participants and audiences (blurring the line 
between the two).

Early on again, I worked with MOOs and MUDs - text-based virtual realities 
- their advantage was that you could quickly set one up yourself - you had 
control, and again planetary reach. Here I learned a lesson - any wizard, 
any governor - could see everything going on; it was all open database.

Jump to Second Life under the aegis of Linden Labs - but they do mainly 
leave you alone. You can build anything, provided you have permissions - 
as Ian Murray said, permissions are the key; collaboration is as well. 
While MOOs and MUDs could be set up and run by a single user, virtual 
worlds are more complex, have different requirements, foster collaboration 
and, like MOOs and MUDs, hopefully pliable governance.

I believe there are _no_ answers as to just governance in virtual worlds, 
as long as they are welcoming. On one hand this is an enormous gift; on 
the other, it's led to the splittings of MOOs and the downfalls of news- 
groups for example.

Every virtuality by the way develops culturally, linguistically, and 
institutionally, from within, and every virtual world develops its own 
erotics.

Avatars are different in virtual worlds, but one thing is common: 
performativity. Simplest example: type _date_ at a prompt and you get
Thu Nov  1 16:32:53 EDT 2012
Something changes: an action leads to a _qualitatively different result_ 
reminiscent of the jump cut in films.

Aside: Leverage in the _real world_ is constituted by the body itself, 
which one lives within (even for cyborgs); the jump cut is a sign of the 
digital, in which something produces something _else._

Performativity in virtual worlds is connected with the user-subject by 
complex psychoanalytics; I've used the term _jectivity_ to indicate the 
projections and introjections that occur across the screen space, which is 
always close, itself, to dissolution. In Videodrome and other films, it's 
always possible to reach _through_ the screen. Apparently.

So I'm interested in human representation within the virtual; this implies 
both an image and a dynamics, the two of course entangled.

At the same time I've been interested in 'alien architectures' - spaces 
that appear to be foundationless, ungrounded, spaces that are almost 
impossible to navigate, spaces that create a sense of anomaly and wonder. 
A lot of my early virtual world work emphasized these spaces and what it 
was possible to do within them. Alas, I haven't been a programmer, and so 
have had even in SL to rely on others for scripts, which I could then 
alter productively.

More to the point, though, has been the issue of movement. On and off for 
the past two decades, I've worked with Foofwa d'Imobilite [give background 
information here]. Foofwa's work is at foofwa.com. His work has dealt with 
any number of issues, from politics through health, sexuality, being- 
Swiss, technology to virtuality. We've embedded him in Second Life, and 
he's worked with our avatar movement as well. *

So movement has been a natural for me. I'm also a recorded musician, by 
the way, so I'm well aware of my own movements, in terms of string 
instruments, keyboards, and some woodwinds. All of this has fed into the 
work I've done with motion capture equipment, performers, and Second Life.

Motion capture work: Brief history of my work in the Virtual Environments 
Lab at West Virginia University, Morgantown, through Sandy Baldwin and 
Frances Van Scoy. We used a lot of equipment, some of which was in 
storage. We worked with 3d lasers for modeling - including one large laser 
that could take in an entire building in one series of scans. We also 
worked with some older motion capture equipment, which we applied in two 
basic ways:

1. We recorded one or more performers, using remappings of modes, 
including some with 'impossible' topologies, in terms of human movement; 
and

2. We recorded, through a rewriting of the motion capture software itself, 
through what I've called 'dynamic filtering,' transforming standard motion 
capture files on the fly, through the insertion of filters between the 
input data and the outputted files. These filters parallel the use of 
filters in Gimp or Photoshop [explain].

Endproducts - the altered motion capture files were fed into three worlds:

1. The Blender 3d modeling program, where abstract avatars were used to 
examine how behavior appears when it's abstracted from the body;

2. The Poser mannequin modeling program, where the motion capture files 
were used to 'break' the mannequin bodies, as well create any number of 
videos; and

3. Works in Second Life and OpenSim virtual worlds which involved highly 
distorted avatar performances and dances; these were used for live or 
mixed reality performance, some augmented reality work, some video work 
for conferences, gallery or museum installations, and some pieces made for 
live or online choreographies. The ultimate goals of the virtual worlds 
work were - what happens when the body is considered completely plastic; 
what images of pain, death, wounding, or sexuality are conjured up by 
distorted bodies; when does the body become a 'thing' among other things 
in the world; what are the politics and anthropology of distorted avatars 
and movements - if any.

Last year, Patrick Lichty enabled me to use the highly sophisticated 
motion capture equipment at Columbia College, Chicago; here, we didn't 
modify any software (we had neither the expertise nor permissions!); 
instead, we worked closely with remapping the body in relation to the 
30-40 markers that were placed on the body suits. This is where everything 
becomes interesting, I think, since we were able to map up to four 
dancers/performers into a single avatar output. It was difficult to do 
this because the software tended to stop working and 'glitch' the avatar 
into a somewhat inert Buddhist image when it could no longer make sense of 
the input. But we were able to create complex movements, and one technique 
stood out - the 'hive' technique or social avatar 2.0.

The usual mappings we did involved a single performer with the body nodes 
remapped on him or her. So there was a topology involved; the hip was 
usually the stable or root node. In West Virginia, we started using two 
performers; this is what can happen: [demo the torsion/twist]. When I was 
in Chicago, I was able to work with four performers, two on trapezes, all 
choreographed into a single avatar - and all capable of watching the 
results of their movement on a screen. So we tried:

1. Moving the avatar in utterly untoward ways, so that the result was a 
limping or broken avatar; and 

2. Moving the avatar in utterly normal ways, which meant distorted 
movements on the part of the live performers. This was fascinating since 
it resonated back to the performers, who themselves were twisted in their 
movement. It was amazing choreography, created to 'normalize' the 
equipment output.

Foofwa and returning the avatar movements to 'real' life. [examples,
explanation.] The 'smearing' of divides between real and virtual, each 
borrowing from, and resonating with, the other.

[Examples]

Note that with all of this, there are no programming errors, only other 
avenues, glitches, to be explored. So the aesthetics and phenomenology of 
glitch are important here as well. In virtual worlds and with motion 
capture, there are in particular 'edge' glitches - within and without 
gamespace boundaries - that define, in a sense, _all_ the possibilities of 
the avatar, _all_ the possibilities of escape and normalcy...

The imaginaries I work with - virtual worlds; 3d modeling; 3d printing; 
very low frequency (VLF) radio; scanner and shortwave radio; augmented 
reality; playing music; codework (an entangled amalgam of code, writing, 
and computer 'debris'; even birding, which requires abstractions ranging 
from migration routes to morphs.

Finally, the idea that the virtual has always been with us, that the body 
is always already inscribed, that culture goes all the way down, that 
inscription and the digital are entangled amalgams as well, and that 
abjection underlies everything, as well as pain, suffering, and death, all 
part of it.

Thank you -


