==

i do dead music: music of the dead, music by the dead, music for 
the dead. sometimes someone listens over my shoulder until our 
bones fall off. our bones are bright bracelets but the music goes 
out. sometimes someone does dead music. yes because the dead are 
eternally with us, and my music, at least to me, appears 
stillborn. I'm not sure what you mean like all elements; objects 
have resonances but if they're chaotic enough they'd cancel out. 
Meanwhile for us humans most music dies unrecorded and probably 
unheard except for the musician - because I work the graveyard 
shift. because there's nothing dreamed of in this world, there's 
just the world. because the world does not dream. because it does 
not i do dead music. my saz was made by ahmet tekeli a famous saz 
player. there is a picture of him in Rebecca Bryant, The soul 
danced into the body: Nation and Improvisation in Istanbul. the 
label reads Figure 5. Saz greats in a _meyhane_ (bar/restaurant): 
Left to right, Semsi Yastiman, Kastamonulu Yorgansiz Hakki Baba, 
and Ahmet Tekeli in Kastamonu, 1967 (courtesy of Sinan Yastiman). 
my saz now has violin pegs, six working strings, a bridge 
positioned upon veneer, a somewhat damaged headstock, a poorly- 
painted bowl (black), and cracks. the sound is the sound of the 
dead. on my suroz, the sound is the sound of the dead. do i play 
for myself. i imagine all instruments in flight from the open 
window ascending silently into the sky. i imagine they call for 
me. tonight i walked among them strumming the open strings. they 
say, whatever you do is insufficient, your hands are torn and 
crippled, your mind bedraggled, you think about death and your 
thinking is a dream. i cannot reply unless i dream, and my dreams 
are nightmares of death and close-knit families internally torn 
apart. on the saz i play without error and without tradition, i 
know no songs, i cannot sing anyway. to listen and play dead music 
is to inhabit the ashes of the world. the world unsung has no 
history, no moments. it is the singing of the world that 
transforms sound into speaking, that gives stories the strength of 
continuing the history of death. our history is the history of 
death and there is not, even for a moment, any other history. we 
do not revive the past, we are drawn into its graves, we are 
already accumulation and abyss. among ourselves with think we are 
talking. if you listen to a recording of my saz you can imagine 
fingers in motion, the light weight of the instrument, the 
smoothness of the neck, the roughness of the sound-board from so 
many players. it is all grey, the color of non-existent when the 
first whites and last blacks transform into last blacks, first 
whites. that moment when death seeps through and you realize 
nothing has seeped in all eternity, it has always been what we 
interpret in shuddering as motion and meaning, just as we are 
forgetful and the promise or premise of the fecundity of infinite 
worlds dies before the music has even a chance of becoming-music, 
when it appears to take up residence, reside. besides, you do not 
listen, and if you did, you would have to always listen, have 
always listened. just in order to make an other order, to make an 
other. which you cannot do. which is why i play for myself and it 
is always an appeal and always unappealing. it refuses the 
raggedness of enlightenment when something crackles and you 
believe you are transformed. but the mountain is still a mountain. 
the mountain always was a mountain. the solace of geologic time 
transforms it into flatness. notes are never carved, they appear 
dream-like to inhabit the air. they do not. they are not heard. 
there is possibility of hearing. there is no hearing. there is no 
life, there is either death. there is no history and no death. 
there is none of this. there is no writing. there is no sounding 
and no sounding-out. nothing is heard. all music is dead music. i 
do dead music. i do dead music: music of the dead, music by the 
dead, music for the dead. i do nothing. in figure 5, ahmet stares 
at the camera with an odd expression. he is on the right. he 
appears related to me. i am playing his saz which has been changed 
through history. it is not his image and it is not ahmet and he is 
not looking at anything. every statement precedes with a codicil 
and is followed by a codicil. the codicil is mute. the codicil 
enunciates the end of the universe within an imaginary belonging 
to the text. to the statement. to every statement. the codicil is 
continuous reiteration. it precedes and follows everything. it is 
within everything. it precedes and follows every word. it is 
within every word. it precedes and follows every letter. it is 
within every letter. it is within every sound. it is within the 
sound of the saz. it is within the string and the vibration of the 
string. it is the texture and textile of dreams. it precedes and 
follows dreams. it is within dreams. it is not imaginary. the 
codicil is the music of the dead, music by the dead, music for the 
dead. but we are dead.

