

a. I am no expert in plant and animal extinctions; things seem complex on
the level of the species, and here I deeply find myself at a loss; there
are too many contradictory statistics for a layperson to disentangle, not
the least of which is the definition of 'species' (for example, there are
subspecies, morphs, etc.), and species' interrelationships.

a.1. I am also no expert in bio-ethics or ethics in general. I do believe
that the habitus, biome, communality, are more important than individual
saves which take on symbolic status and often lead nowhere. I don't
believe in instrumentalist arguments, that the natural should be saved by
virtue of its use-value (say, for 'new medications'); I don't think any
functionalist reason plays out in the long run. I think species should be
saved because _they are there._

a.1.a. The problem with symbolic value is that the most attractive or cute
species (in terms of human perception) are often the ones that are saved
and considered valuable, while other species that are less appealing are
left by the wayside.

b. There are three economies: political, financial, attention; each of
these vies in terms of saving species or biomes.

c. Every species has an equally lengthy holarchic history (including
bacteria, mitochondria, etc.); each history is a sign and organism
resonant with the origin of life itself.

d. Each organism has its own world-view, Umwelt, Weltanschauung. Each is
alterity and project to every other. Each possesses individual and
communal culture. Each participates in negation and learning.

e. Each is driven to extinction by the other. Each other collapses into
either grotesque anomaly (asteroid, volcano) or the human, somewhere along
the line.

f. Each is a projection and introjection of the world; each is immersive,
each is entangled, abject, somewhat definable.

g. The extinction of any species is a permanent and irrevocable loss; the
death of any individual is the same. Histories condense and disperse,
homes disappear, the world flattens.

h. Our era is not a repetition, say, of the Permian extinctions; it is
other, it is slaughter, and it brings pain from one species to many. The
death of an adult reproducer is the death of offspring, who may or may not
have already made their way into the world.

i. Our language betrays us: there are no weeds, no vermin. We define the
world in terms of our desires and their negations.

j. We are defined by our slaughters. We are hopeless, driven to the deaths
of others; the death drive literally drives species, herds, hordes, before
it; the death drive results in total annihilation.

k. What is to be done? I am always surprised how few artists are concerned
about the environment - other than creating networks and new forms of
nodes and dwellings within it. How few media artists even bother with PETA
for example, or conservation. How many artists, driven by teleology, are
always already on the hunt for new forms of mappings, new modes of data
analytics.  How we abjure responsibility, disconnect radically. How we
favor the human over other species.

l. Certainly the digital, even augmented reality or Google Glass, creates
distance between ourselves and the world around us; what's added are bits.
This distancing, which is both clever and fast-forward technology-driven,
may be more part of the problem than the solution. I think of 'Internet
hunting' for example, tv/video programs like Survivor or The Great Race
(both of which can only damage pristine environments), etc.; on the other
hand, bird-, nest- and waterhole-watches might well serve to awaken
people's consciousness.

m. How do we handle this on a personal level? If we're driven to
catatonia, we're doomed. I haven't been able to accept the Buddhist
account of suffering and enlightenment; the result is an almost constant
state of anguish, that is to say a condition that is a combination of
Lyotard's differend, a sense of helplessness, and a sense of the
destruction of worlds.


