

From an email exchange (and thanks to everyone who wrote in) -

"[...] I hate the idea of a 'posthuman' critique of mass extinctions: such 
extinctions are slaughter, painful, abject, and 'critique' seems almost 
obscene in relation to them. To me it doesn't matter if 'extinction' is 
politically loaded: it carries as much of an absolute truth as possible 
about the world; when a species is gone, it's _gone,_ and its entire 
lineage is _gone_; there is no recourse, no politics, nothing to return 
it, in spite of Wired and other sources yammering about resuscitation 
through DNA. You don't have enough of a community to sustain gene 
variability. It's death. It's absolute death. It's Kurtz's Horror."

From a second exchange:

"Diversity won't reassert itself in denuded and polluted areas. I talked 
to Azure about this; she has a master's degree in environmental 
conservation education, and reiterated what I said but more strongly - 
that the news is all bad. Yes, something will emerge millions of years 
from now, just as something emerged after the Permian extinction. But past 
extinctions weren't the result of a supposedly moral or ethical species; 
they were the result of asteroids or volcanic eruptions (and I suspect in 
some cases viruses or prions, but I may well be wrong about this). This is 
the first time another species - wildly out of control and in bloom - has 
wreaked this kind of devastation. And it's the first time it's happened so 
quickly; species are disappearing at the rate of several per hour. Most of 
them aren't even tracked or understood yet, but that's not the point; the 
point is the slaughter and the pollution - for example the micro-plastic 
spheres in cosmetics that run up the food chain, or the floating islands 
of plastic trash in the oceans, or the particulate matter pollution in our 
part of NYC, or the Appalachian rivers running like orange soda (result 
from mine pollution), or the exponential increase in global warming, etc. 
etc. There's so much data; I get it daily, and not from 'leftist' sources 
for that matter. And the data isn't only about elephants and rhinos and 
polar bears; it's about birds you and I probably haven't heard of before, 
alpine biomes collapsing, the rapid disappearing of Madagascar lemurs and 
other flora and fauna, the lack of young saguaro cacti in the US south- 
west, disappearing bees, Monarch butterflies down 61% in just the last 
year, the hemlocks disappearing because of invasive species, the 
Everglades down to less than 1% of their previous flora and fauna, the 
results of the Yellow River damming, the 100 million or so sharks killed 
yearly for shark-fin soup and because they're 'dangerous,' the elimination 
of wolves everywhere in the continental US, the massacre/disappearance of 
native bats here, Hawaiian birds, the disease killing off the Tasmanian 
Devils, as well as the rapid increase of desertification world-wide, the 
release of methane from Siberian and Canadian permafrost which is 
speeding up global warming, the almost complete extinction now of bonobo, 
gorillas, chimps, and other primates in the world - and so forth. DDT's 
banned in the US but not in large parts of the world where it continues to 
devastate. Disasters like BP in the Gulf are increasingly common. There's 
debates among ecologists whether it's worthwhile to even try to save the 
coral reefs because the money might better to to other ecologically easier 
dealt problems, and because the reefs are going to disappear anyway. This 
is just the recent stuff that comes to mind; I can send you sources if you 
want. And it's not balanced by wonderful fecund ecosystems opening up or 
cornucopias of new species; it's not balanced by anything. Not only are 
tropical rainforests disappearing at record rates, but the southern 
Appalachians are being devastated by mountain-topping; as of five years 
ago, 423 mountains were already topped - and this used to be, behind the 
rain-forests, the second-most ecologically diverse region in the world 
because of the holler system. You can be, anyone can be, optimistic or not 
of course, but the data is uniformly negative, except for extremely small 
victories - for example in the US we point to whooping cranes and the 
Californian condor, but so many other not so magnificent bird species are 
already extinct or going so, here. I should add that my brother's also 
helped me with this stuff; he does satellite and anti-bushmeat stuff in 
Asia (he's a satellite expert) and my nephew was involved in saving the 
last stand of large first-growth cypress in Victoria Island (Carmanah); 
all around the area there's clear-cutting. I remember when I was in 
Tasmania, I met the Greens down there, and they were able to stop the 
damming of the river in the SW (think it was the Franklin?) - to save the 
wilderness; they did it by blowing up the construction equipment. The dam 
was going to be used for hydro which was already plentiful. The action 
worked, but it's a small victory as a lot of Tasmanian flora/fauna are 
still under the gun. I remember the stink of the paper mill in the NW of 
the island, owned by coke, and busy cutting down as much Huon pine as 
could be got hold of. In my area of NE Pennsylvania, the woods are over- 
run by deer, they've no natural enemies since the bears are hunted down, 
the wolves has disappeared, I haven't heard of foxes there for years. I'd 
say more about plants, but other than disappearing hemlock, birch, and 
elm, I really don't know the details, although quaking Aspen in the west 
seem under siege now. With global warming, what insects and disease 
doesn't get, the fires will.

Sorry about this; this is what I think about all the time, what I live 
with, which might be overly dramatic, neurotic, and stupid, but it's 
ongoing. I asked Azure if NYC had anything to do with it, and she said no, 
it's what she learned daily at NYU -"

