

a. I am no expert in plant and animal extinctions; things seem complex on
the level of the species, and here I deeply find myself at a loss; there
are too many contradictory statistics for a layperson to disentangle, not
the least of which is the definition of 'species' (for example, there are
subspecies, morphs, etc.), and species' interrelationships.

a.1. I am also no expert in bio-ethics or ethics in general. I do believe 
that the habitus, biome, communality, are more important than individual 
saves which take on symbolic status and often lead nowhere. (On the other 
hand, as Jon Marshall points out, symbolic action is at least a first 
step.) I don't believe in instrumentalist arguments, that the natural 
should be saved by virtue of its use-value (say, for 'new medications'); I 
don't think any functionalist reason plays out in the long run. I think 
species should be saved because _they are there._ [I recognize the logical 
fallacy in this, but that isn't the point. I also recognize that the world 
was never, and never will be, pristine - that it has always been morally 
and ethically problematic from the viewpoint of any positioning of good or 
evil. I worry about the loss of the fecundity of the world, the amazing 
diversity of ecological niches - everything will be the poorer, for 
example, when the coral reefs disappear. Perhaps some of the anguish about 
extinction originates with this knowledge, that species, including 
ourselves, are useless, that intrinsic value is local and has no other 
foundation than personal taste or desire. Spirituality clearly makes a 
difference in this situation, but, at least for me, spirituality is always 
suspect and hardly foundation; it just throws imminence into immanence. So 
this is a weak point of my thinking, but that's also a weak point among 
the human project - just as there may be no first cause, there may be no 
fundamental value that might function as surrogate or catalyst.]

a.1.a. The problem with symbolic value is that the most attractive or cute
species (in terms of human perception) are often the ones that are saved
and considered valuable, while other species that are less appealing are
left by the wayside. [It is also very unclear that species can be saved in 
isolation, i.e. without their habitus, their biome. One major problem here 
is that of territoriality and the neurosis that ensues by salvaging a 
small population and placing them in save but relatively small 'foreign' 
havens. A second problem, hardly considered in the past, is that animals 
have culture 'all the way down,' and isolated individuals, as with human 
animals, can't carry the weight of communal knowledge.]

b. There are three economies: political, financial, attention; each of
these vies in terms of saving species or biomes. [What are the politics 
for example of bushmeat? What might replace the economic or other gains of 
poaching? And what species do we deem 'deserving' of attention? 
Eliminating the criterion of attractiveness doesn't solve this problem, 
since there is literally no way humans can pay attention to every species, 
every biome, etc. Just as there's an economy of attention on the Net, 
there are economies of attention within the 'real' world - this is where 
Drew Leder's work on 'the absent body' comes into play.]

c. Every species has an equally lengthy holarchic history (including 
bacteria, mitochondria, etc.); each history is a sign and organism 
resonant with the origin of life itself. [This is important; there are no 
'primitive' species just as there are no 'primitive' peoples. There are 
some characteristics of contemporary species that can be traced farther 
back than others, and these could be labeled 'primitive' - but given, for 
example, the recent discovery of relatively advanced brains in early 
animals, even this classification is suspect. Everything that survives in 
an oddly temporal sense is equivalent to everything else that survives. 
The issue actually transforms to those species which might be considered 
'generalist' and those which live within specific (and often somewhat 
isolated) niches; the latter are of course much more at risk.]

d. Each organism has its own world-view, Umwelt, Weltanschauung. Each is
alterity and project to every other. Each possesses individual and
communal culture. Each participates in negation and learning. [Heinz von 
Foerster spoke of life entailing negation, and negation as fundamental: 
turn away from something. And turning-away is also a sign of culture; 
further, what one turns away from is dependent on the niches an organism 
can survive in - different niches have different dangers.]

e. Each is driven to extinction by the other. Each other collapses into 
either grotesque anomaly (asteroid, volcano) or the human, somewhere along 
the line. [This isn't entirely true; communality and altruism occur inter- 
and intra-species. But species do have life-spams; ironically of course we 
know only the life-spans of species which have already gone extinct, and 
it's difficult to generalize. (However statistical generalizations do 
exist.) The same is true of our own deaths, and just as mourning the death 
of a friend or relative is an anguish which is irretrievable in terms of 
its object, so mourning the disappearance of a species is similar (even if 
individuals of that species may be brought back into existence, the 
culture is gone). Most of us don't mourn extinctions in the same way, but 
there is, I believe, a sense of anguish at the heart of these as well.]

f. Each is a projection and introjection of the world; each is immersive, 
each is entangled, abject, somewhat definable. [Each species is in dialog 
with the rest of the world, which is also within each individual, just as 
humans are fecund with bacteria and other micro-organisms, even within the 
cell itself. So to talk of projecting _into_ the world, or introjecting 
_from_ the world is more than a gross over-simplification; for this reason 
I tend to use the neologism 'jectivity' to imply holarchic connectivities 
between what _might_ be labeled an individual and its internality, and 
what _might_ be labeled an external world. For this reason, I see crude 
parallels between thinking through species and organisms, and the 
philosophy of quantum mechanics; I'm not arguing for another pseudo-model 
from the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, so much as thinking about all 
varieties of entanglements, including Feynman diagrams, virtual particle,
tunneling, and so forth. Think of the world, not as mind, but as 
fermenting, for example.]

g. The extinction of any species is a permanent and irrevocable loss; the 
death of any individual is the same. Histories condense and disperse, 
homes disappear, the world flattens. [New histories arise, new mementos, 
memories, languages, technologies, storage mechanisms. Increased 
population, global warming, and other uncomfortable signs, however, all 
point towards a diminution in richness; species are disappearing for 
example faster than new ones are appearing. The biomass of the world may 
remain somewhat constant, given that decay species and micro-organisms 
within rock-strata and beneath the ocean floor remain the same in volume, 
but the variety is collapsing; the anthropocene is being compared to the 
Permian extinction in this regard. See below and above.]

h. Our era is not a repetition, say, of the Permian extinctions; it is
other, it is slaughter, and it brings pain from one species to many. The
death of an adult reproducer is the death of offspring, who may or may not
have already made their way into the world. [It is slaughter, even legacy 
slaughter, in many cases legacy hunting. It causes enormous pain; in 
addition the narrowing or elimination of habitats, the increase in 
pollutants, etc. - all take their unnatural toll, as does the development 
and use of genetically-modified plants. As populations increase, we are 
turning the world into our own infertile image. There's no doubt that the 
very wealthy will survive and even benefit from all of this; increasingly 
enclaved, they're safe for the foreseeable future - literally foreseeable, 
for one or two generations at best.]

i. Our language betrays us: there are no weeds, no vermin. We define the
world in terms of our desires and their negations. [This has always 
bothered me, this division into useful and useless, ornamental and pest, 
etc. It governs our vision of 'wilderness,' such as it is, as well as what 
sure and should not be allowed to survive in urban areas.]

j. We are defined by our slaughters. We are hopeless, driven to the deaths 
of others, driving species, herds, hordes, before us. Ultimately, we may 
be headed towards total annihilation. This is not deliberate; we're not 
all hunters for example. But we're a species in bloom, and that, along 
with the increasing need for food, is taking its toll. [This is nothing 
more than a _cris de coeur_ - it's where anguish begins and refuses to 
disappear. Not all of us are driven to killing of course, but the tendency 
is in that direction - killing need not be advertent.]

k. What is to be done? I'm surprised how few artists are concerned about 
the environment - other than creating networks and new forms of nodes and 
dwellings within it. How few media artists even bother with PETA for 
example, or conservation. How many artists, driven by teleology, are 
always already on the hunt for new forms of mappings, new modes of data 
analytics. How we abjure responsibility, disconnect radically. How we 
favor the human over other species. [I have no idea about the truth of 
this; what I'm writing here is only from personal, not broader, experience 
or knowledge. Certainly the 'next greatest thing' dominates our thinking, 
as do Facebook proverbs, Twitter's 140, or Wired magazine's "Forget all 
you know about {x}" - every innovation is yet another revolution. We are 
in love with our technophilia, and we see technological answers to just 
about everything, from energy to death to the reconstitution of the 
natural world. The empirical or concrete muck of the real is another 
matter altogether, and it's this disassociation that seems to me, ensures 
that the extinction catastrophe will continue.]

l. Certainly the digital, even augmented reality or Google Glass, creates
distance between ourselves and the world around us; what's added are bits.
This distancing, which is both clever and fast-forward technology-driven,
may be more part of the problem than the solution. I think of 'Internet
hunting' for example, tv/video programs like Survivor or The Great Race
(both of which can only damage pristine environments), etc.; on the other
hand, bird-, nest- and waterhole-watches might well serve to awaken
people's consciousness. [This is yet only more of the same. I don't think 
that more theoretical analysis will do very much; what's needed is 
concrete action, working with government and organizations like Nature 
Conservancy. Consciousness has to be raised, primarily with K-12 - and 
it's in this area, in public schooling, that we're failing the most, with 
emphasis placed on the damnation of teachers, continual testing, limited 
play, limited time for the old 'natural sciences,' limited monies for art 
or music, limited monies for special ed. and even physical ed. in some 
cases, and so forth. There's too much emphasis placed on STEM - most of 
which is, of course, testable in a way that art and the softer sciences 
may not be - and too little emphasis placed on play, revamping the 
schools, calling on teachers as resources instead of demons and so forth. 
It's disenheartening, and it is, I think, the future. Instead of raising 
consciousness or bringing up difficult questions of ethics, we're 
preparing workforces with even greater disconnect between ongoing 
slaughter and technology.]

m. How do we handle this on a personal level? If we're driven to
catatonia, we're doomed. I haven't been able to accept the Buddhist
account of suffering and enlightenment; the result is an almost constant
state of anguish, that is to say a condition that is a combination of
Lyotard's differend, a sense of helplessness, and a sense of the
destruction of worlds. [And I have to end here; I could write out the 
usual calls to action, but I doubt, given our inertia, that it would make 
any difference at all. And I have no idea if my analysis or prognoses are 
correct; in spite of my reading and amateurish naturalism, I'm ignorant. 
The best I can do is call attention to the problem, which, as I've been 
told repeatedly by people, is really no problem at all, but the natural 
order of things. That I can't buy, and the dialog breaks off here.]

