

With either Outline:


Assignment: Choose 1:

a. Set up a home page for yourself;
b. Write a paper on a topic of your choice;
c. Propose a project

The assignment should be underway by the fifth class.




Reading Materials:
Howard Rheingold, The Virtual Community
Sherry Turkle, Life on the Screen
Peter Salus, Casting the Net
Internet Cultures
Cultures of Internet
Sondheim, Alan, Being on Line

1 The current state of the Internet. Who is using it, what is it, what
are the services and applications associated with it? What are the 
current demographics? 

2 The future state of the Internet. Where is it going in the next few
years? Will it be able to keep pace with the increasing number of users?
How are demographics changing? Entertainment vs. information visions.
The other visions of business and community: How do applications such as
the World Wide Web determine what is possible on the Net? How is the
user "configured" by these applications?

3 Radio, television, film beginnings: What sorts of parallels can we draw?
What similarities are there between contemporary computer communication 
and short-wave radio or cb, for example? Also: Analog and digital media,
and the relationship between the two.

3 Synchronous and asynchronous applications. What constitutes a data-
base? What audio and video modalities are becoming available and how do
these affect the user? Many-to-many, one-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-one
applications. What is the future of "virtual persona" or "avatars" on the
Net?

4 Issues of the body: reading through the text, hysteria, net.sex and
the "ascii unconscious," postmodernism and the fragmented self. Sex, love,
and death in cyberspace. Cyberspace relations and the nuclear family. 
Internet marriages and relationships.

5 Virtual subjectivity. Projections and introjections. "Reality" and the
grain of the voice, death and rape in cyberspace. Hallucinatory person-
alities, Net personalities. Various spaces in Cyberspace: MOOs, Usenet,
email lists.

6 Privacy, security, community, and confession on the Net. Groups and
counter-groups. Alt.society.neutopia and the monster-truck neutopians. 
Alt.angst, Walkers in Darkness, and other support newsgroups and email 
lists. 

7 Hacking, cracking, and the anarcho-libertarian aspects of the Net.
Spamming. The changing demographics/cultures as a result of the World
Wide Web. The future of the Web, chat-lines, and so forth.

8 Community Organization: Forms of outreach. Freenets, Community Access 
Points, conferencing tools and strategies. Kiosks, from government to 
Siggraph.

9 Strategies for research and organizing information and personal/formal 
databanks. Search engines and Boolean searching. Web page information 
structure and philosophy: access for all.

10 Community organization, continued: Levels of entry into the Net. Models
of Internet economic and cultural development. Practical and theoretical
policy development. 

10 Course overview.

