==

from ISTANBUL NOIR

I.

Friday, May 29, 2009, 4:30 A.M.

Awake, jet-lagged, I am sitting in my friend Mel Kenne.s apartment room on 
Horoz (Rooster) Street near Yksekkaldirim (Street of Steep Steps). It is 
pitch dark outside. Suddenly I hear the booming sound of the azan prayer. 
Soon, the sound, as if echoes, begins to be repeated from other mosques. 
My friend Mel seems oblivious and keeps on sleeping in the next room. I am 
wondering if this startling choral outburst out of the pitch dark, 
repeated every pre-dawn morning, happens in any other metropolis in the 
world, Islamic or not. I know that the azan calls happened in the 
nineteen-fifties when I lived in Istanbul as a teenager; but were they as 
loud as they seem to be now or, as an inhabitant, and part of the rhythms 
of the city, as Mel in his bed is now, I was oblivious or impervious 
-unless a devout Moslem- to the startling sublimeness of this sound?

Friday, May 29, 2009, 12:10 A.M.

I am walking past the foot of the Galata Tower to go to Mel.s house. 
Sealed at the time, the tower was a forbidden, untouchable place of my 
childhood. Tonight, its conical top is lit with lights, a sign of its 
having become an important tourist spot. I see multiple sea gulls crossing 
and recrossing the circular halo the lights create as they disappear into 
and reappear from the dark. Not only a bird paradise -for the first time 
perhaps in my guts- I realize that Istanbul lies on the multiple migration 
paths of birds. More than the place where East meets West or Byzantium 
fuses with Islam, both of which certainly true, Istanbul is a central 
location, a point of passage, in a natural movement that has been going on 
for millions of years, of which The Silk Road is the nearest human 
reflection. Istanbul has been destroyed and rebuilt, more precisely, 
re-imagined, innumerable times, creating its history of rich melancholy; 
but underlying these changes lies a deep, inescapable continuum, 
experienced just below consciousness. This dialectic between chaos and 
healing unity is at the heart of the city I was born and grew up in and 
which has etched my consciousness and soul ever since. The struggle 
between change -experienced as destruction of memory and, in many ways, 
holy places- and ghosts reclaiming their reality and visibility is my 
experience of Istanbul as personal biography. 

II.

Traffic Patterns

I was born and grew up in Mselles (Triangle) Apartment with blue China 
tiles on its front, on the avenue once called Tozkoparan (The Blower of 
Dust). This thoroughfare of about one third of a mile, officially known as 
the Avenue of Refik Saydam -a mysterious gentleman- joins two better know 
spots, at one extremity, Sisane, today a busy roundabout which, at one 
time, was the intersection where the streetcar from Taksim took a sharp 
left to delve into the descending, deep canyon of Bankalar Caddesi (The 
Avenue of Banks) to proceed to Karakoy, cross the Galata Bridge, to 
Eminon, on to the old Istanbul. At the other extremity, where the now 
defunct nightclub Novotni used to be, Tozkoparan may take a short and 
sharp turn right up to Tepebasi (The Top of the Hill) or proceed onward to 
Tarlabasi, at my time the back entry to Istanbul.s main red light street, 
Abanoz (Ebony) Street, in Beyoglu.
........
Like    Follow Post  29 minutes ago
Seen by 2




Saz playing up on Soundcloud

https://soundcloud.com/tags/alternative%20saz

https://soundcloud.com/search?q=asondheim

Two pieces: sazae1 is acoustic saz with close miking
to pick up the sound/labor of fingers moving, tapping, 
etc. I used the miking to create finger taps, etc. as
part of the improvisation. sazae2 is electric saz with
the mic close to the solid-body instrument; it picked
up the saz from the amplifier, and my tapping, etc. 
from the body of the instrument. Again, a kid of
deliberate raggedness, working the instrument in a new
way for me. At this point I seem to have the only
"alternative saz" pieces on Soundcloud, which I'm also
testing for an improv music class at Underacademy
College, http://underacademycollege.wordpress.com/ .


Pluralitys

It'ss nots oftens thats thes letters ss getss its dues, buts it'ss 
abouts times, abouts thes pluralitys ofs times, ands hows ss 
contributess tos thiss pluralitys, ensuress thes fecunditys ands 
universalitys ofs thes worlds. Thes worlds woulds bes alls thes 
poorers ifs baseds ons nominalisms, everythings uniques ands 
horrifyings; onlys thes ss - thes slightests presences ofs as 
singles letters - guaranteess uss ans admixtures ands denomina- 
tions ofs qualitiess thats allows uss tos perceives structures 
ands itss hiddens faces, whats hass beens gones froms uss, buts 
whichs wes ares ins thes processs ofs recoverings. Considers thiss 
paragraphs itselfs, as shimmerings thats implicatess thes bound- 
lesss ands infinites, thats slidess easilys offs thes tongues 
placeds againsts thes mouths'ss roofs, thes empyreans itselfs. Ss 
guaranteess uss whats nothings elses cans, languages slidings 
froms thes abysss, outs ofs chaoss ands thes voids, ands intos 
thes realms ofs barelys inductives compreshensions. Is asks fors 
nothings elses thans as pluralitys ofs livess, thats Is mays 
continues afters thiss indefinitelys, ass ifs its weres possibles 
tos lives forevers... Hopefullys thiss, likes anythings elses, 
remainss inconclusives, ass dos ours livess befores deaths, ands 
ours livess amongs thems thereafters.



Immenity of Nominalim

It' not often that the letter  get it due, but it' 
about time, about the plurality of time, and how  
contribute to thi plurality, enure the fecundity and 
univerality of the world. The world would be all the 
poorer if baed on nominalim, everything unique and 
horrifying; only the  - the lightet preence of a 
ingle letter - guarantee u an admixture and denomina- 
tion of qualitie that allow u to perceive tructure 
and it hidden face, what ha been gone from u, but 
which we are in the proce of recovering. Conider thi 
paragraph itelf, a himmering that implicate the bound- 
le and infinite, that lide eaily off the tongue 
placed againt the mouth' roof, the empyrean itelf.  
guarantee u what nothing ele can, language liding 
from the aby, out of chao and the void, and into 
the realm of barely inductive comprehenion. I ak for 
nothing ele than a plurality of live, that I may 
continue after thi indefinitely, a if it were poible 
to live forever... Hopefully thi, like anything ele, 
remain inconcluive, a do our live before death, and 
our live among them thereafter.




WELCOME TO THE REAL WORLD


It' not often that the letter get it due, but it' It'ss nots 
a himmering that implicate the bound- paragraphs itselfs, as 
abysss, outs ofs chaoss ands thes voids, ands intos guarantee u 
allow u to perceive tructure tions ofs qualitiess thats allows uss 
and contributess tos thiss pluralitys, ensuress thes fecunditys 
ands from the aby, out of chao and the void, and into froms thes 
ands infinites, thats slidess easilys offs thes tongues nothing 
ands remain inconcluive, a do our live before death, and remainss 
anything ele, tos lives forevers... Hopefullys thiss, likes 
anythings elses, univerality of the world. The world would be all 
denomina- le and infinite, that lide eaily off the tongue lesss 
ele than a plurality of live, that I may nothings elses thans as 
gones froms uss, buts continue after thi indefinitely, a if it 
ha been gone from u, but ands itss hiddens faces, whats hass beens 
inconclusives, ass dos ours livess befores deaths, ands singles 
inductives compreshensions. Is asks fors tion of qualitie that 
letters - guaranteess uss ans admixtures ands denomina- the realm 
lightet preence of a horrifyings; onlys thes ss - thes slightests 
nothings elses cans, languages slidings horrifying; only the - the 
of barely inductive comprehenion. I ak for thes realms ofs barelys 
oftens thats thes letters ss getss its dues, buts it'ss about 
pluralitys ofs livess, thats Is mays our live among them 
presences ofs as ingle letter - guarantee u an admixture and 
roof, the empyrean itelf.  placeds againsts thes mouths'ss roofs, 
shimmerings thats implicatess thes bound- placed againt the mouth' 
the universalitys ofs thes worlds. Thes worlds woulds bes alls 
thereafter. ours livess amongs thems thereafters. paragraph itelf, 
thes empyreans itselfs. Ss poorer if baed on nominalim, everything 
thes pluralitys ofs times, ands hows ss and it hidden face, what 
thes which we are in the proce of recovering. Conider thi whichs 
time, about the plurality of time, and how abouts times, abouts 
tos perceives structures to live forever... Hopefully thi, like 
unique and poorers ifs baseds ons nominalisms, everythings uniques 
were poible continues afters thiss indefinitelys, ass ifs its 
weres possibles contribute to thi plurality, enure the fecundity 
wes ares ins thes processs ofs recoverings. Considers thiss.
what nothing ele can, language liding guaranteess uss whats 



Heritage 

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1091 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/heritage1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/heritage2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/heritage3.mp3

with Chris Diasparra, tenor, Alan Sondheim
electric saz, oud, saz

and heritage, because there is mindful remembrance here, and
falls victim to warfare and ecstasy and national heritage, and
folding and entropic and this bored language and this sequence
concerned with probing and defining the fibres of roots, and
cultural heritage among the tribe of tribes, and intellectual
heritage, and strangers, other than people, than other people,
and be it known, inescapable, thinking this is it, that this is
given to the human, and that my heritage is wood and silk and
goodbye, it may be known,

and the end, these are the heritage of humanity, and that 
humanity is the heritage of silk and wood, being silk and wood,
and living within and without, and speaking, and touching these
folding, unfalling, and rescued, this unboring language, this
sequence, this forming and unforming



Second Life Maelstron Video!!!

