
Video and Texts from Remote Encounters Performance

Sandy Baldwin and Alan Sondheim

1. Alan Sondheim's chat.txt
2. Sandy Baldwin's chat.txt
3. Alan Sondheim's condensed chat.txt
4. Sandy Baldwin's condensed chat.txt

- all in:

http://www.alansondheim.org/remoteenc.txt

- some video:

http://www.alansondheim.org/remoteencounters.mp4

About Remote Encounters from Garrett Lynch:

Remote Encounters: Connecting bodies, collapsing spaces and temporal 
ubiquity in networked performance

keywords: performance, networked, body, space, place, time, real, 
virtual

URL: http://remote-encounters.tumblr.com/


:: Description ::

Since the internet entered the public domain in the early 90's 
there has been an explosion in artistic interest in its use as a 
means, site and context for creative practice.  Much of this 
practice is performative in nature; ether originating from a 
performance background and using the internet as a new site and/or 
augmenting aspect of that practice or is a form of practice 
developed as direct response to the internet and becomes 
performative to some degree in its spectatorship.

It has been well established that the internet is not the first or 
only example of the use of a networked technology repurposed for 
creative practice.  There is a clear time line that can be traced 
back through the practice of Roy Ascott and his coining of the 
term Telematic Art in the 1980's to artist's use of satellite 
networks, telephone and other telecommunication devices as each 
were invented.  Seen in this respect the internet can be 
considered as one of many networked technologies that has enabled 
networked performance.

The internet is unique however in that it is not a singular 
network type that favours a particular form of media, broadcast or 
spectatorship.  Most famously known as the network of networks it 
enables multiple protocols of which the world wide web's http is 
just one, is multimedia in nature and encourages intertextual 
folding and layering of media, is multi-directional not simply a 
broadcast communication form, de-centralised in ownership and the 
majority of its technologies are openly accessible.

Remote Encounters, a two-day international conference with 
performance evening, aims to explore the use of networks as a 
means to enhance or create a wide variety of performance arts.  
How do networks as a site for performance provide opportunities 
for us as artists and performers?  In particular how can we 
remotely collaborate, merge geographically separate places and 
times, reconfigure the space of performance and the relationship 
between artist and audience?

Location: ATRiuM, Cardiff School of Creative & Cultural Industries, 
University of Glamorgan, Adam Street, Cardiff, Wales, CF24 2FN.

Date: 11th - 12th of April 2013

