


Christopher


I am reading Christopher Isherwood's Kathleen and Frank, the reconstruc-
tion of his parents' lives from their letters, diaries, etc., and I am
struck by numerous things related to our existence within and without 
the Net - first, the emphasis a century ago on conditions of illness and
the body - and the relationship, quite clearly drawn, between the body
and emotional states; second, the continuous deferment of sexual plea-
sure and its replacement primarily by states of etiquette, proclamation, 
and finance; third, the existence of various modes of communication which
constantly interfered with each other (for example, telegraph as opposed
to letter-writing as opposed to travel by land or by sea) - and fourth,
as a result, the constant insistence on the _things_ of the world, among
them the body itself. There is pleasure in this. The body is fully con-
sumed by the trappings of the late Victorian era; this is not only a sub-
terfuge, but also an inhabitation which placed desire at its service. One
_knew_ the body by its coverings in a way we can scarcely imagine today;
the difference is unbridgeable.

The vocabulary as well; descriptions of Kathleen's wedding dress or the
various ailments that perturbed and determined her family relationships
are practically unreadable today; they partake of an other language or
languaging. They remain tied to fabrics and the swellings of the skin, to
the phenomenology of blushing, influenza, and ornament, all indicative of
labor and sensitivity. They imply an intensity almost inconceivable in
the "west" today, buried beneath platitudes of underdevelopment and the
so-called "third" world, resurfacing in the work of Regina Frank for ex-
ample. Labor has moved elsewhere; these machines I compose upon were (and
not _of course_) produced by an obsessive and underpaid semi-skilled dem-
ography, without which the Internet would not exist in its present form.
The Net has become indefinitely reproducible, expanding, driven by the
fury of corporate innovation and _constructed_ by factory laborers who
would never otherwise touch a keyboard. What has become hidden now is in
a sense far more insidious than what was beginning to emerge in late Vic-
torianism: _now,_ we should know better - _now,_ we have the tools of
communication readily at our disposal.

