


Boxing. Match


I need machines. I need to live beneath a huge machine. I need to be pene-
trated by jacks, jacked in. I need to be rented to the machine. I need
fluorescent lights. I need no shadows. I need dull screens with green let-
ters against black background greyed by incoming light. I need to be fed
by incoming. I need fast fast food. I need to slave myself use it. I need
to use it. I need to forget using it, to be used by it. When my needs are
met, I don't need anything. I'm not there to need anything. The screen's
not there, my eyes aren't there. I'd do anything for that. I'd hunger for
that, fuck for that. 

I need your unixbox. I need your super-c. I need generation five genera-
tion ten generation x. I'll work for you any day. I'll work for you as
hard as I can because you'll let me use your machine. I'll use it on the
off-hours, repair hours, lunch-hours, you condition me. You give me the
framework. You give me the framework and I can hack and hack all night
long. I almost got the talker. I almost got the mud. I got the talker and
the mud and the palace and the haven and the alpha and the worlds and the
mirc and the chats and I almost got the lily. Give me the lily and I'll
almost have the unter. Give me the unter and I'll go for the uber and I
need 1, 2, 5, 10, a million megabytes.  Core dump: let me at it. Let me
run gdb and swallow it. Let me run gdb and swallow it whole. 

So I can sit at your machine. So I can walk around it. So I can be a mach-
ine of loving grace. So I can feel the power. So I can plunge down deep.
So I can plunge deeper farther. So I can swim the crawl. So I can upside-
down. 

Let me answer the phone, sweep the floor, read the books, count the sec-
onds. Let me teach the course, plug in and out, hide your girl, hide your
boy. Let me compile the code, runtime around the clock. Let me wind your
clock. Let me on your box. Let me run your box. Let me plug your box. 

The box sings to my fingers. The box shudders and shakes. The box runs 
basic, runs unix, runs linux, runs lisp. The box runs c++^2, runs quiet
recursive. What it runs is the box, unwinds my fingers singing, unwinds 
my plugs, my running, my being on the box. The box unwinds the clock.

I'll do anything, let me your machine, let me machine.


