
-



Travis and the Big Machine


Travis walked under the wall. He didn't go under the wall; he was beneath
it, not emerging on the other side, but along the long thin line that made
it go go go. His shoulder on the right was pressed by the wall on the 
right; they went together. They had gone together, this or that other sur-
face which moved smoothly as he stepped forward against the humming that 
was always there. Unlike the smell of iodine, Travis heard the sound, con-
stant tinnitus without release, always near the same bundle of frequences,
but containing sufficient variation to signal uncompromising change. He
heard this. He heard everything. He paid for it with the walking and its
thought. What was its thought? That it had been paid for, that labor was
involved.

The wall did what he wanted, pressing back like gravitational energy. It
did this in the sense of a contract, it uncompromising. What would he 
have learned had it not been; it hadn't. It was how he had worked himself
_here_ or dwelled _here_ in a space of windows and sashes, gotten for
granted. 

Unclean life was at his beck. He'd ignore it. He'd descend and sometimes
forget himself. Then something would return. It was connected with the
tinnitus. Lala-life wouldn't release him. It was an accent-grave; he was
buried in it. Lala would sound as a continuous moan raised to the highest
degree. Lala was unclean because lala made dim scenes foregrounded by 
sweat and bodies which approached one another. There were cries in the
distance, ululation-lala, his listening.

Travis thought he wasn't in, wasn't in far enough. Travis pressed harder,
hugged and hugged the wall. The wall left itself on the surface. He'd do
this or think this tonight. It was an impression. His last thought was: 
_it let him._

(What was at stake? Everything, infinity. Travis would do everything. He
would do this and be this. It was only the sound that was its occasion <a>
and its filth <b>. The sound was the same and Travis was left wondering,
but then he thought, when he was in, he'd ask the machine. And he thought,
that wasn't close enough.)


