
-


Exhaustion


As the lists stray from their topics, I wonder if everything that can be
said, already has been - in much the same manner that trigonometry (as
Stent has it) is already a completed and depleted mode of inquiry. The
same might even be the case with topics such as English Literature (as
long as it's not contemporary). In CMC, I've been concerned with first the
interrelationship between text and philosophy, and second, with the philo-
sophy and psychology of cyberspace in general, including issues of embodi-
ment, sexuality, mind, performativity. I've written somewhat exhaustively
on these subjects, reading as much as possible of the work of others. Be-
yond statistical approaches, which constantly produce new information as
say the Web and Usenet groups grow, the fundamental bases of virtuality
and CMC appear somewhat stable (including bases of virtual reality). And
not only stable, but delimited, circumscribed - and perhaps what is oc-
curring at the moment on the lists is a feeling of decay in terms of this
circumscription - that anything more on the subject will already be re-
dundant? The anecdote or poem of daily life, descriptions of emotional
and/or physical pain, are replacing other considerations. New applications
are appearing at least weekly at this point, but they merit little place
here, in part I think because the communities define themselves by the
boundaries of email lists. Attempts to break through are often met by
resistance; when, about eight months ago, I began discussing video cli-
ents, a number of people withdrew vocally (which is not withdrawal) sta-
ting that they were satisfied with text, and anything else would be almost
an infringement. When Jon Marshall on Cybermind first presented his list
of forty participants in order to study issues of r cognition, the first
responses were also resistance - suddenly the list was bracketed, framed,
not purely an interiority, but something that one might circumscribe. So
it is one thing to circumscribe the _topic,_ and another to (de)construct,
as an object of inquiry, the inhabitation, such as it may be, itself. 

All of this constructions a Borromean knot, which may quickly fracture, 
were it not for the escape into the every-day. The lists fulfill them- 
selves, the discussion becomes foreclosed. Could it be that there may be 
more and more to say, but that the saying would have to occur elsewhere, 
in a more formally academic environment? Does community identity displace 
self-reflexivity in CMC? Does this post itself contribute to foreclosure 
as well? Idly asked, these aren't idle questions.


