



By the Harbor (beginnings of MOO)


There was the moment that the mail list was bogus, the moment we feared
others would trade upon our secrets. There were times when the titles
seemed all-encompassing, as if they held the world forever, and times
when redundancies threatened to reduce the whole to resonant causeways
intersecting with themselves. There was the moment when the controls
seemed to swim before the eyes, when the rooms were swept and found
wanting, when mail lay unused at the beginnings or portal of fallen 
columns. And there were times when the world began a theme park, when
it partook of capital, when it had to withdraw and begin again, when
there were just the two of us. No one else could shore up the world 
with rainbows; no one else could storm it. Locked tight, from the out-
side, it had all the hallmarks of rejection; from within, there were
forces at work going nowhere in the midst of uneasy circulations. It
would be a monument to its own defenses.

There were the moments of the first encounters, of recognitions driven
by commands; moments when bodies rolled out upon indecipherable moor-
ings. What tethered them rolled tight around them; what was visible 
was the intermingling of purity and the potential for shame. Nothing 
was shameful, visible, audible, odorous, flavorful, hot or cold; noth-
ing was dry or wet, and nothing burned the skin. Pressure was that of
the language upon the fingers. There were moments when the language 
was the moment of the hands' running the _th_ in rat-a-tat unison,
instants where division appeared beyond the _al_ of all. But in the
meetings and in the circumscriptions of very ordinary things like 
basins, exits and entrances - like existences and their descriptions, 
everything was lost, foolishly forgotten, packed away. The world was
fresh as wet sand on the feet hardening into memory's internments. And
there were finally moments when we knew that this was the way the world
was and the world always would be, that the way of the world had in-
alterably shifted like a sea-change, like a fall in barometric pressure.
Somewhere the interstices between inval'id and invalid' came to mind.
We were @dig with the shovels at that point. There were demarcations
already asserting themselves.

I was reminded of Frost, that good fences _literally_ make good neigh-
bors here, that there are no neighbors, and nothing, in fact, without
the fences themselves - a world of delineations in fact. There was a
time when that was less than sufficient, but now delineation itself 
defines sufficiency and its domain. I wrote myself through it, not to
the other side, but to the beginning of email, the communication of
languor itself, in the moo's swirl. Where it would always be. Where
the sea breathed, itself.

