

-


Catastrophe and Writing


Let's say our MOO got annihilated. Let's say the software returned to its 
standard state, that the checkpoint was disabled, that nothing was sal- 
vaged. Let's say that the rooms have disappeared, Kyoto, Tokyo, the 
Wizard's Yurt, that the welcome_message has evaporated, that downtime has 
also trapped the *Online list, nothing remaining. Then pure thought has 
gone away, has been orphaned, imminent in memory; the disk's physically 
pretty much the same as ever, give or take some revolutions. 

Let's say that we're in an empty shell, that time is always uptime, that
there is no other, no otherwise. That we'd begin again, this time the pro-
cess of reconstruction. And let's say that this was a secret MOO, on the
Net but hidden from access, experimental open but guarded, never giving 
away its secrets, always in the process of seduction.

We're confronted fast-forward with talkers, havens, with the MOO; let's 
say that there's sudden and catastrophic changes in the wind and things 
disappear in this year of your lord 1996. Ghosts left behind, the hard 
disk continues to sing; what's disappeared but in the realm of platonic 
thinking, each instance that of the whole, each existing as purified 
information, the _states_ of things being the things themselves, being 
other and otherwise things? What are the worlds accessing here; let's say 
that the MOO never returns to life, what are the traces here? Breathless, 
we come upon them, breathless we leave them. Our first cry the air in our 
lungs, getting the thing going; our last expiration never an occurrence; 
others take over, microbial.

Let's say that we're dreaming memories of MOO, that these things never 
existed and that the voices are silent and have taken their buildings 
with them, Kyoto, Tokyo, the Wizard's Yurt. We work our way through the 
making of things and these are pure things. They are things which shimmer 
translucent. They appear where nothing has appeared. They realize a dream 
of pure appearance.

And let's say they have gone, the machine's rebooted, inaccessible once 
again; let's say that they won't come back when we walk untoward into the 
vicinity of the screen. This is the _said_ of it, in fact, these forms of 
pure appearance. The disk is what the disk has been, on occasion of a 
revolution.

