

-


The Wonderful Rabbit


Cool the Internet the great Wonderful Rabbit, every day I thank my Lucky
Stars for the Internet that brings me to You, the fantastic Duckling You
holding me Forever in your webbed Claws! Cool the Wonder of Wryting and
Magick, do you know Aleister Crowley the Great Ocelot? A Pentagram would
Mention in Godz Her Book FIve Tremendous Animals, Would you believe The
Thundering Armadillo?

Armadillo crawls down across the creosote. We'll leave him for a moment,
look at the bushes. They're in the form of rings. They've been dated back
ten thousand years, before our culture fixed itself as something no longer
from the god/desses. The rings expand, root systems intertwined; you'd 
barely notice them, the bushes, unless you were tuned into things like
junipers and that clay fragment beneath your feet. Who wasn't? The Euro-
peans, none of them, the writers, have the slightest conception of Ameri-
ca, at the least of the desert and its nodes, bridges, routers. You can
hear the despair among the carbon cacti, boojum trees, even in the midst
of creosote or cholla. (The Europeans got where they were by not under- 
standing. Did they know they stood under nothing? There were too many
things around to look at. After 1600 they stopped looking. "Why, Sir, 
ideas must be given you by means of something which you know: and as to 
musick there are some philosophers and divines who have maintained that 
we shall not be spiritualized to such a degree, but that something of 
matter, very much refined, will remain. In that case, musick may make a 
part of our future felicity." (Johnson, in Boswell's Life.))

Cool the Plant that Plants the Planet! What holds our odor in the rain
that sometimes comes, there's less rain in the high arctic, everyone knows
that, arctic willows five inches high. I'd rather settle for slow-motion
slime-molds, the yellow-white I saw like fried egg across rock and stump
in North Carolina for example. 

"It seemed obvious that painting, sculpture or drama imitated nature. But
what does music imitate? The measurements suggest that music is imitating
the characteristic way our world changes in time. Both music and 1/f-noise
are intermediate between randomness and predictability. Like fractal 
shapes there is something interesting on all (in this case, time) scales. 
Even the smallest phrase reflects the whole." (Peitgen and Saupe, The
Science of Fractal Images.)

How are we going to _listen_ to the Internet? To _look_? What new mea-
sures of sound and sight turn to greet us? What appears behind the eyes
and ears, subaltern, nuances burst forth in the paleolithic? The creosote
rings clutch the ground with root claws, holdfasts. Anything does; what
doesn't, falls and fails to stand. "All those who have legacies in my
will, except for my freedmen, will receive them only on this condition
that they cut up my corpse and eat it in front of the citizens." (Petro-
nius, Satyricon.)

"Death will be overcome by trembling, and will vomit up all it has eaten,
so that no dead will be left who is not brought to that place of judgment.
And the dust of the earth will be commanded to separate itself from the
dust of the dead; not the tiniest particle of that dust will remain be-
hind; it will come before the Judge. All whom the sea has drunk, whom the
wild animals have eaten, whom the birds have ripped asunder, whom the fire
has burnt, all these will awaken and arise, and come forth at the twink-
ling of an eye." (Ephraim in Bynum, The Resurrection of the Body in Wes-
tern Christianity, 200-1336.)

How many of us _ooze_ in real life, spittle on our lips; our underwear
stained slight with urine, semen, lubricant, feces; nasal emissions; sweat
in the shadows of the flesh; tears held back at the slightest pain - the 
body holds itself in except for the bowl of undergarments catching our
fluids? In the desert, everything has a use; nothing dries out, but there
is reabsorption or at least the effort made. Slow effort, trees blooming
with the thin rain comes, then nothing. In other words, liquid demarcation
determines value here; fingers print themselves, reminisce upon the key-
board.

When death comes, it comes in full view; you can hear it. Today I walked 
through New York in old sneakers, silent, imagining myself invisible. I 
felt sexy, powerful, lewd, voyeur. Back at the loft I fell into a deep 
and soundless sleep. Looking now, at text, is looking at pure emptiness. 
Rabbit, my underpants are dry.


