



The Whisper


The whisper is critical in cyberspace. On some talkers, it is announced,
"Clara whispers something to Alan" - others in the space are aware. This
both serves to curtail the doubling or duplicity of conversation and yet
leave room for critical commentary that overcomes the "hurdle" of the
announcement. 

But in most applications, whispers aren't announced and permit total (i.e.
with the exception of wizard @snoop commands) privacy, and this leads to
situations rarely encountered _this_ side of the screen (by which I mean
the doubling or duplicity of typing itself) - parallel, interpenetrated
conversations in which only certain parties are aware of their presence or
structure at all.

I have had net.sex in the midst of a discussion of postmodernism; this may
server as an example. For it did not interrupt the discussion, but it did
create a sense of transgression at work, a transgression which undercuts
the academy (which however remains ignorant and not undercut at all of 
course). What of this? I would type doubly or with duplicity, resonating
on one hand (literally) with my partner, and on the other (equally liter-
ally) with the contents of the argument. The _sense_ of being split and 
the power that ensued is in fact the result of _not being split_ at all,
being coherent in double or duplicitous realms. 

Echoing is another example; on some applications, typing .echo <string>
will result in <string> at the prompt; in others, the result is +<string>
- the plus sign indicating that it is an echoed statement. In many appli-
cations, it's impossible to echo with the name of any current on-line par-
ticipant. Echo has inordinate power; it creates statements which, without
the + or other diacritical mark, may be ascribed to others, or to the 
machinery itself. If Clara is on, she may find "Clara takes off her
clothes" at the prompt, without agency or intention; if the name "Clara"
is banned from .echo, she might still find "Claara takes off her clothes"
or other circumscription. It's also possible to mimic the entrance of
someone else entirely into the room: ".echo <Franz has entered the room>"
can result in "<Franz has entered the room>" as if the application itself
were responding; "Franz" can then carry out what "Alan" or "Clara" would
not - an avatar with no existence whatsoever except for the doubling or
duplicity at the .echo command.

Finally, Wizard #2 on our MOO, Kyoto-MOO, I noticed, has the power to
change any object created or owned by any player, because #2 seems to own
them all... While I haven't personally seen this abused (although I have
seen @snoop in use on a talker where it shouldn't have been), the havoc
this could create is tremendous. It's again a question of doubling or du-
plicity, of agency, ascription, and intention - as for the Web, it's a
tangled one we weave...

