
-


Ruins


He felt disconnected. He wandered around the station, his computer under
his arm. It wasn't a question of dollars and cents; there was enough po-
wer to last him an hour or two. He could turn it on and type and see his
words appear on the screen. He could replace his words, save them in a
secret place, start them over again. He could call a bot forward in one
or another program, but he knew that the bot would echo him as well, 
that the outcome of the battle or conversation was preordained. He felt
that everything he could inscribe in the world was already there, that 
it wasn't even a question of looking. That the world formed a nub to his
left and his right, that it formed an inverted bowl above and a bowl be-
neath. This was the world he had inherited, and it came complete with
rules, instructions, random factors, decay, and bugs in the machinery.
But in spite of all, he could wander at best, press enter, press save,
and for a second his mind went into orbit and everything occurred.

-



What I said at the last "Cybermind Fleshmeet"


Hi, I want to say that it's nice to meet all of you IRL because F2F has
sometime got to augment what we've know of each other, no? In real life
we can even get @drunk together; that's got to be what the fleshmeet is 
all about! I couldn't believe that PE could be so important, but without
physical existence I doubt - but I'm not sure - that we could even be
here? Could we? We can't forget face-to-face for a moment that on some
level we're all flesh-meat, get it? I mean this isn't a virtual @drink
I have in my hand, now, is it? I think we got to support the NPR as much
as possible; without neutral physical reality, we'd be unable to commu-
nicate on any level! But then, hey, that's what snail-talk is all about!
It's one thing to be Netizens and another to be Citizens - you got to
prefer the former! It's great to vote on-line; it's another thing to
run down to the old bus-station or wherever they've got the booths set
up. Hey, I got trouble on the line! LJFGLKFGLKFG, get it! You wanna fuck?
I mean let's crawl under the table! Whisper Clara can't get enough of 
you! I mean my handle is GO GO GO! I mean @naked does the trick doesn't
it? You got money in this place? Hold on, I got gold coins!

Hey, flesh to flesh seems almost real! Heh! The graphics are pretty good
here, don't you think! I got sound files like you wouldn't believe! This
is almost stereo! What are we, HEHEH! .wav or .au extensions? I mean like
real audio! Wish I could turn the volume down though, heh! Incredible!

I mean every direction I look, there's something! Not as clean as VRML,
but it's there - I'm sure of it! Heh! Wait, hey bartender, @order drink
from! Works every time! Almost out of gold coins, though, heh!

I mean we gotta do this again sometime! Like we go on tonight, see you 
on eighth street! There's a terminal there - wouldn't be caught @delete
without! Get it? Heh! I mean let's @fuck, we've talked too much. What's
wrong with you, too much fleshmeat? Get real! Ytalk me a little! I'm all
@yours!

