
-


Cold


My frail body can't heat the coats. They've been placed on top of me, on
top of the blankets and the comforters and the quilts and the sheet. The
room is cold from the bottom up, from the floorboards and the wind whis-
tling in the space below, perhaps an open porch. The room is cold from
the creaks, loud bangs coming from the walls, not in the direction of the
radiator; there's air moving through the slats, moving into the inter-
stices of everything warm in the world, crackling flesh and plaster apart.
I'm there frozen. I'm there thinking of Tasmania, where I ended up in the
winter in a house on the hill across from the mountain, and the wind swept
through it violently and it too creaked. There I had an electric pad which
was placed beneath the body, not like the senseless blankets in the States
on top, where the heat rises elsewhere. But beneath, I found that the heat
rose only to caress the skin in its vicinity; the top was cold, the blan-
kets never impossibly thick enough to converge on the heat's escape. In
both situations I wake in the middle of the night, not shivering, but li-
terally _shuddering,_ as if in early stages of hypothermia, which it may
well be. Later I was told that during the sleep here, on Monday night
last, around three in the morning, I started screaming Don't hit me! Don't
hit me, and I explained to Sharon that I've always had nightmares on a
constant basis, but never as far as I knew vocal, that maybe it had to do
with the cold.

The cold is relative; when I lived in Los Angeles, I went to exhibit art
and talk to Montreal, stepped off the plane into -18 below Fahrenheit, and
refused to wear a coat. What was biting through the body was inscribing me
back into a culture I loved and which had abandoned me; frost welcomed my
return. Before that, when I lived in the city, a strike had created ice
zones in downtown on the sloping streets, up to eighteen inches thick; 
cars skidded across them and into one another just as they did trying the
hill next to the Rhode Island School of Design, where I'd watch the back-
sliders in the depths of winter. From New York to Providence I remember
on 95 an ice condition to the depth of an inch; the salters had to plow
backwards, and we were cautioned to stop, begin again at five miles an
hour. We were passed at ten, and all the cars trucks vans except for us
ended up ditched, some overturned, on both sides of the road; we couldn't
stop. If the journey had continued to Halifax, it would have been a dif-
ferent winter, one in which we drove through the blizzard from Halifax
to Yarmouth with the car door open, foot on the road, to ensure we ended
up alive in the total whiteout. This was nothing yet again compared to 
falling into the sea at Peggy's Cove; I couldn't feel anything in my body
but the footage was great, later incorporated into a film about Vladisvos-
tok, where I had never been. That agony didn't matter because I would have
gone; Robin Collyer and I tried repeatedly to get to Lake Hazen, Ellesmere
Island around 480 miles from the North Pole, but the trip would have been
around $25k then, the result of hiring Otters to do the flying and the 
pickup, when, we weren't sure, weeks later.

But the cold's biting through me now, and it's beneath me, and far from
the keyboard, where the keys, warmed by the power supply, warm the fingers
as well, and doesn't this translate into the lack of temperature in cyber-
space? And then I think that when a woman sleeps with me, I sleep without 
dreams, I am a perfect sleeper. That the warmth which spreads from the
occasional touch is sufficient. That what is sufficient in real life is
this blush across the body, the horizon of the blush, as if I could close
my eyes and it would be a presence. But a presence is more than an encoun-
ter, what this space brings one, one and one to one, to one and one. And
an encounter warms and cools simultaneously. That this space would be for-
ever and that would be in its forgetting. That this space would _endure._

