
-


The Infinity of Providence


This is from Clark Coolidge speaking in Talking Poetics from Naropa Ins- 
titute, edited by Anne Waldman and Marilyn Webb in 1978, and this is from 
July 19, 1977:

[...] " Aram said "Your works are like cliffs of rock," I thought yeah, 
that's right. They have that particular solid separate arrangement aspect 
and I _read_ them, and I want people to read them. And he was saying that 
you don't have to read them, just look at them. So we agreed, but we were 
totally wrong, which is an artistic problem too. I have a quotation from 
Heraclitus here:

   The most beautiful world is like a heap of rubbled tossed down in
   confusion.

   Has anyone seen Jean-Luc Godard's films? Have you seen _La Chinoise_? 
There's an exchange in there that hits me particularly. It's between a boy
and a girl: "Guillaume," played by Jean-Pierre Leaud; and "Veronique," 
played by Anne Wiazemski.

   Guillaume says: People ought to be blind.
   and Veronique: Why?
     Well, it would be better when we speak with each other.
   We would listen to each other seriously.
     Oh, how is that?
     Language would be redistributed differently. Listen, don't
   forget that over the last two thousand years words have con-
   siderably changed their meanings.
     So?
     So, we would converse seriously, because if we were blind,
   it would be meanings that would change words.
     Ah yes, I understand. To talk to each other as if words were
   sound and matter.
     That is what they are, Veronique.

Now don't hear that "sounds and matter" as any simplification or abstrac-
tion: sounds and matter: emotions, feelings, desires, densities, subs-
tance, arrangement. Everything is there. "
   
Clark was on about arrangement, syzygy, Olson's field poetics, distribu- 
tions, at play in his work, somewhat influenced by Ashbery, going in an 
entirely different direction; his geological/spelunking background came 
constantly into play, working with stratigraphy and breaking away even 
from say Stein who restraied a lot of others, and even then. But the 
words above had resonance for thinking about cyberspace and the words 
here and my concept of wryting and I found myself walking all over Man- 
hattan today remember when Clark and Aram Saroyan and I all lived to- 
gether in Cambridge Mass. and what a time that was, Aram studying Clark 
constantly and Clark writing intently, and Aram and his one-word poems 
and I didn't fit in there either.

But that brought back earlier memories when I met Clark at Brown Uni- 
versity, I on the way in, he on the way, editing a magazine called Jargon 
and the point here is twofold - that he was instrumental in getting me to 
the _edge_ of doing anything (and stepping over it and trying to look 
back from wherever space one found oneself) - and that -

And that Providence where Brown is, was once the focal point of both the 
underground railroad and smuggling, that there were tunnels everywhere 
underground, and aboveground there were writings inscribing them - think- 
ing of Lovecraft who could have come from nowhere else (Poe was there), 
Nathanial West, all these _contusions_ of language, coagulations, a depth 
of inscription in which I found my home.

The tunnels and subsidence burrowed everywhere. Some of the oldest houses 
in the city were raised to the second storey as newer structures were 
built _under_ them. Language as well was raised to the highest degree. I 
memorized the streets. My amateur paleontological background (Carbonifer-
ous flora a specialty) came into play. You had to dissect the strata with 
dental tools, needles; you had to play heed to the forms. Nothing else 
would do. In that there was writing in and out of stone.

In the comfort in language which one breathed in Providence. In Clark's
resurrection in my mind; he moved to Western Mass. and I'd visit him for
all-night discussions. Everyone came to mind in his cloud-house in the
mountains from which you could see forever, from which you could see that
mountains led only to others of their kind (false, that they needed the
valleys). It was the _substance_ of language he was engaged in, this
material that formed the basis for his writing, but the basis for wryting
as well. In his dismantling of words, it was the words that _mattered._
And they _mattered_ in all sorts of ways, even in the way that poetry
_mattered_ or needed to matter, beyond or through the dissection of logos. 

Throughout all of this, there was only language I wanted to break away 
from (leading to my association with Vito Acconci, another compatriot of 
that time as well as influence), but Providence held tight onto me; it 
wasn't until Beth insisted we move to New York that other possibilities 
announced themselves, the beginning of my nomadic existence. It was in 
Providence that I had recorded some records and done music that way, but 
music was never satisfying; it wasn't wryting, was too much of the world 
of pure body/performance and I kept looking for prosthesis. So now it is 
my reading this speaking of Clark's that brings back my dwelling here, 
making me question it for that _matter_ once again. But he's right/write/ 
wryte:

" Anyway, I left for California at that point and got involved with rock-
and-roll. But I was sitting there with Aram, and Robert Creeley, the poet,
was visiting. Aram is a person who has to exactly know and exactly state
"I know you," this sort of thing. He looked at me and said, "I know what
your work is. I know exactly what you're doing." I said "Huh?," and he
said "It's a big cliff of rock. That's what it is." And I thought and I
said, "Yeah," and Creeley sort of looked at us. And later I thought about
it and I thought that it was a tremendous misconception becuase what he
thought of it as, is that you look at the rock as just one thing. It's a
cliff, okay? You go do something else. The way I look at it, because I've
had geological interests and some training, is that geologists _read_ the
rocks. They can read the layers by the fossils in them and what ages and
what came first and sometimes there are very complicated arrangements of
strata and faults and things, and they can read what came first even
though it's all messed up. Aram said, "Your works are like " [...]

