|

                                           absorbed, you pay no attention
                



WE will talk here and we will be in the mountains. The mountains are ex-
cellent for talking; the mountains carry us forward, and we can think
through the problems of gender raised by Phaedra and Medea here, as well
as Tonya Harding and P.J. Harvey. Don't for a moment think these are mini-
mal or uselss; they're part of our very existence, and demand our keen
attention. We will be able to think gender in a genderless space; you will
bring the gift of gender to it, the gift of words, and you will presence
yourself. This is the factor which divides the premises of organism, what
we are given, like gravity, coherent, thickened sweet and loving splendor. 
Live within and without it; it is our heritage, but speak, speak, speak,
in the midst of the mountains and the streams, the ch'in playing slowly in
the background, the raging of the Maruts overhead... 


/Atmospherics; these appear disordered at random intervals/

"I can't I can't!"
"Save me!"
"They're coming for me, where is my lover?"
"Surely you would have done the same!"
"Are there any choices in our lives?"
"Fallen, we are always fallen!"
"You are victims of my words!"
"You can't see me! I'm never around!"
"The she-wolf attacks! You've thought better of it!"
"No wait, I'll tell you a story!"
"How I once saved my children from the wolves!"
"Who the men were, how they were armed!"
"What happened to the chalice of jasper and garnet!"
"Wait, I have more to tell you!"
"You can't see me; invisible, you are everywhere of me!"
"Don't be alarmed!"
"Please don't leave the space; look into my eyes!"
"I have beautiful dark hair, raven-black, I carry a sword!"
"There is a hunger in the land and I shall avenge it!"
"Wait!"
"Wait! Wait!"
"Wait"
"Wait!"
"And these armed men, came with eyes of jasper and garnet!"
"A sheen over all the world, encompassing"
"encompassing all the world"
"and its dominions thereof"
"and brilliant, brilliant!"
"Now I-Phaedra shall rest!"
"Now I-Phaedra shall rest!"
"Now I-Phaedra shall rest!"
"Rest among me and I will speak the world to you!"
"Place your sword by my side and I will sing to you!"
"I-Phaedra!"
"I-Phaedra!"
"I-Phaedra who shall sing to you:"

