


The Internet as the Instrument of Death


With infectious diseases on the rise world-wide, with problematic male
sperm counts, overpopulations, nuclear mafia druglords, it comes as no
surprise that the Net is not only contributory to the anxiety felt by
almost all of us within development or underdevelopment - but is also in
fact the _instrument_ of the death of the species, the death of being-
human. It is the Net which brings ultimate and perfect knowledge, infor-
mation converted to principles of totality and transcends abandoned as
soon as the next upgrade comes along. It is the Net which lends one al-
ways _elsewhere,_ the lure of the Other stronger than one's own. As the
real is increasingly micro-specialized, as detail rises to the surface
everywhere, stress results; the human organism can not absorb even the
managerial principles necessary for subsumption. The result is a continu-
ous neural shockwave without end; the species which has sickened the pla-
net itself is now sickened as well. Its perfect achievement will be the
simultaneous denouement of perfect knowledge, and a lack of those with the
ability to absorb the same. No species has the ability to encompass the
real; most have the wisdom not to try. Those which have succeeded have
died out; those which remain are ignorant. Although we thirst for ignor-
ance, we have subverted it by the detour through cyberspace; here we
locate ourselves in the dominion of death. It will never strike us down
nor appear with a whimper; it will only result in the abandonment of URLs,
sites hit less and less, a galaxy of home pages tumbling empty forever.
There is no conclusion to this, or rather there is no conclusion that is
not already foretold among the Web files; such is the nature of foreclo-
sure. The Net is not sentient, has not killed us; we have extruded the Net
as a shell of information, and naked, we're prey to microbial hordes,
brain embolisms, psychoses, dreams of paranoid pasts. Our future has
passed; there is no future and in the world to come angels are sysadmins. 


