
--


l<i,u>nix


There's a chance that the hidden order of unix will emerge; as I continue
working on unix/linux machines, the interior of the body is becoming in-
creasingly visible. What connects are thin matrices of wires and commands
beneath the surface; the surface itself is sponge-like, absorbing tags
and extensions everywhere. The command-line interface is mythology at its
best, as if everything were running in an orderly and linear fashion; what
occurs in the depths is something else entirely. What processes are where,
who is accessing the same /bin that you are, what has been placed in 
hearth-like fashion around the root, remains unknown at the level of the
screen's cool skin. Certain indications, however, let one know that the
fractal display of the home directory resides somewhere almost untoward,
an excrescence mirror like shattered glass certain operations below. On
the other hand, there's the behemoth in the relative difficulty of con-
necting the keyboard to something as innocuous as a floppy drive; mount
and fstab and other obscurities immediately declare themselves like Panta-
gruel barely capable of direct action. It all makes sense; I find my way
through it like the streets of Atlanta, knowing circuitous ways of getting
almost anywhere but despairing as one _big picture_ is painted after ano-
ther, none of them anywhere close to what goes on in the kernel, and, 
heavens forbid, even further down in the midst of binary languages. In
some ways it was enough when I realized that I understood, say, what sed
and awk and grep and the rest of them _did_ without having to know all
the modifiers; at this point, even for the humble tr command I tend to 
go to the unix or linux compendium, ignoring the catcalls and derisions
of a memory that fails to record every subtle modifier. I'm still at the
point, by the way, where compiling is a miracle - the transformation of
description into performance, the production of relatively unreadable
files. I find in the manual that those core dumps are actually of use in
all of this; I shudder at dealing with megabytes, even though there are
commands producing less complex error messages. But core dump is core 
dump, and for me this is the heart of unix, a _mass_ carrying buried 
history with it, capable of producing miracles if only the key were in
evidence.

The theme that emerges with all of this is the same theme that emerges
elsewhere, that of the body's interior. Core dump is glut, spew, coagu-
lation; the ruptured cleansed surface of the shell is only that, a cara-
pace hiding just about everything. The commands themselves function as
skin-inscriptions; they're tattoos, carrying messages, and some like
biff, even the names of pets. History swirls on the surface; telecommu-
nications takes over in the depths, and farther down, electrons plummet
according to quantum mechanics' rehearsals of the universe at large. It
is this way everywhere on earth, and within/without every organism, but
unix or linux makes it _evident,_ the beginnings of a kabbalistic jour-
ney into the next millennium. 

I would say this, then, upon contemplation - that the original framework
problem of classical artificial intelligence was somehow on the _mark._
That the core, core dump, of everything is simultaneously body and fore-
closure (and Husserl with his eidetic reduction, bracketing, of course
was on the _mark_ as well), that the latter lends itself to inscription,
just as the former lends to fissuring. If the former is what _I write_
at the prompt, the latter is the core dump's prompting me, an engagement
_en masse,_ the realization of a Flaubert in dialog with the quantum.

