
-


Virtuality and Spaces

All of the spaces are different; talkers have lean commands, present a 
rigidity that tends to dissolve in the midst of conversation. On a MOO,
the environment is always present, and on haven, it never is. One is
aware of locale and movement on an lpmud, as well as striations/hier-
archies of power, danger, hunger, friendship. On Unixtalk, the body is
a presentification throughout the textual; in other applications, the
body is mediated by the third person presented as second (on MOO) and
as third (on talker). In some spaces, <Alan> Hi! is given with other
prompt information such as date or time - in others, Alan says, "Hi!", 
or Alan exclaims "Hi!", taking cues from name and punctuation. Because
the body follows suit, the body is singular, doubled, tripled, in cyber-
space, even in the writing of it. In Unixtalk, one; talker two, MOO or
MUD, 3. On ThePalace one observes its compression, manifestation of 
Lacan's singular a, Barthes' punctum. The symbolic encompasses. In IRC,
scroll dominates, the same scroll that lends itself to the real: i.e. 
"Wandering down Flatbush, I found myself scrolling." Entrances and exits
give the appearance of the lateral. On Unixtalk, conversation inter-
twines the (usually two) participants; on talkers, half-hearted group
chats often lead to (predetermined?) couplings. The interactions on IRC
are counterpunctual dances without recognizable harmony; one is within
or without them. On MUDs and MOOs, deliberate interferences are often in
evidence; the structure continually asserts itself in the form of bots
for example. Actions on IRC on the other hand are translucent statements
of momentary opinion. Texts such as this in the form of posts appear
monolithic; they're of a unary time, occupy a bandwidth of the I/eye. 
What moves, moves solely to content intercut with itself. The standard
buffer is around 256 characters on MOOs, about three-and-a-half lines
often interrupted by others' speech in their typing unless a client is
utilized. IRC tends towards the gasp of a breath, fast-forward; Unixtalk
might present whole paragraphs at a time, or double-rushings each seek-
ing to complete the text of the other. They remain apart, separated by 
the suture of a dotted line, the screen presenting unassimilated terri-
tory. Land is born. In IRC, no one owns the channel, not even the chan-
nel owner. You're invited to my space on the MOO, but the space floats;
words cover the screen and the space isn't equivalent to the screen 
space although it can play with it, tease, seduce. The text/post moves
_one screen at a time._ Message boards on talkers, MOOs, MUDs, every-
where in fact, can be used for display of longer texts as well, as can
descriptions (of spaces, rooms, newsfiles, welcomes) themselves. I en-
vision a talker utilized for a course in which each space is actually
a text waiting for comments; the latter come in the form of texts on the
board. Think of MIRC and what might be added there, as well as Global
Chat. ThePalace has objects which might be texts. One might enter a text
in ThePalace as well, body skittering across one or another font. I've
seen cut and paste in Unixtalk but it's only a screen; lengthy texts on
talker have appropriate quit or continue commands. Beyond the opening
welcome, haven is just haven, a relatively closed environment of flick-
ering channels, good for the fast rush. From compilation, haven's tiny
and compact; undernet seems to go on forever and probably does. Powwow
has the ability to send files and like some of the other applications
off the Web, it can go back on, traveling around with groups in mind. 
The Powwow interface is similar to ytalk, a variety of Unixtalk, vertic-
ally divided as well as horizontal and useful for chat but the windows
seem to small for lengthy discussion unless predetermined. In IRC the
problem is the competition of users; even with the text entered at the
bottom of the screen, there's little room for considerate discussion
and the weaving leaves one behind, the longer one remains external pre-
paring the keys. Place everything in .plan or .sig and let them know
who you are. Open up a radio station. Go real.


