

Experiments in Music 


- Ed Schneider alto sax -
- Alan Sondheim suroz electronics saz baritone horn -

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1129 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/expo1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/expo2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/expo3.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/expo4.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/expo5.mp3

Sometimes I feel I don't know what I'm doing that 
I'm not only a fraud but a sinister fraud. is this
music any good at all? Ed's great, I'm in the 
background as a result of recording mismatch,
there's feedback and all sorts of messiness; we're
all about to record and I think I'm heading for 
the slag heap near Kingston Pennsylvania where I 
was born and attempted to be raised. Depressing,
we're near recording and I'm swallowing my sound.
But I may be wrong on all of this. Comment: Of
course you're not wrong. Like+.




holding on 


<08:30 Alan>

.rev
Last things done on main_street
Alan says: help 

Alan says: nothing is here, what i want to do is transform the 
thing, something needing a talisman, something to tap into the 
meaning of the universe - yes, i've said it! - and this, mind 
you, in a manner that will bring forth healing or a knowledge that 
there are grounds, the slightest of them, holding the slightest 
particle of the self, which, perhaps genetically driven, might 
suppose to contain a vestige of consciousness, that a doubled 
consciousness might access, after death, one after an other

Alan says: looking here for it as the slate wipes itself clean, 
perhaps now and again, perhaps inadvertently, while outside the 
beach and its pebbles, sea and its glowering clouds, heavy with 
rain, might not wash away, might not wash it away, i hope at best 
for the survival of the pronoun! that what remains from me might 
yet be antecedent

Alan says: within and without the realm of the talker as i carry 
these words with me, sea birds in a suffocating air, feathers 
awash with feathers

Alan exclaims: the hope is that just a twist - a twist! - of a 
word or singularity, the displacement of a single letter perhaps 
at most! - might result in that change that would give peace unto 
me, a sleeping deeper than any before, and the possibility of 
waking, refreshed, on the other side - just on the other side!

Alan says: i cannot rest even if this proves me wrong, something 
to which i will never bear witness - i refuse to bear witness! - 
keeping a stream or rivulet of meaning, attaching such to one or 
another blade of grass - moss! - the fin of a tadpole - 
anything...

Alan says: is this not a formation, is this not a grant of sorts

Alan exclaims: i won't wait around for an answer! i know what 
you're going to say! i won't wait!

<08:30 Alan>


Alan Sondheim1:19 AM  -  +1'd on musicimpro.blogspot.com  -  Limited
Alan Sondheim
Alan Sondheim
Please note this is from our blog http://musicimpro.blogspot.com/ . We do 
hope that Clarinets for Eagles will march out of the blogosphere to become 
http://ClarinetsforEagles.com/ but this hasn't happened yet, so no need to 
click. Thanks, Alan.
Music Improv
musicimpro.blogspot.com
Like   Share  Promote  about a minute ago 

Music Improv 
Thinking with a little help from Azure and my friend Bishop Zareh, I want 
to start a blog called Clarinets for Eagles. There are a number of reasons 
for this, not least of which is my love of both improvisatory music and 
orni...



Rozy


http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1131 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/rozy.mp3
 - solo suroz with delay -

among rosy dawn
Her skin was as white as leprosy,
and daemons like fairy-wraiths caress the rosy-hued dawn! 
and like fairy-wraiths caress the rosy-hued dawn! and like 
marriage and hackers screwing up my system and my arms and legs 
 and leprosy and lies topple!
the rest of us would die for the same leprosy, local gangrenes
like fairy-wraiths caressing the rosy-hued dawn! and like 
marriage, for mesmeric rosy nipples entering miraculous singing 
 and like a long white gown 
 falling
drinking her urine in front of the night, rosy nipples, pale 
 breasts, and to others, song,
and mesmeric you have no idea of the night, rosy nipples,
 rosy nipples
mesmeric rosy nipples entering miraculous singing long white gown 
 falling, rosy nipples and
asceticism, leprosy, and saintly disfigurement, would Kali fit
 and, and receive 
all other infirmities, asceticism, leprosy, 
 and saintly disfigurement, and would Kali fit, 
and would Kali have a fit, or long white gown,
 falling




Alan Sondheim1:41 AM  -  Limited
SORT

Alan Sondheim
https://soundcloud.com/asondheim/lisu
More stats
Upload new image
alternative sung lisu sung lisu Thailand improvisation meditation
sung lisu solo with reverberation added. this is an instrument of the 
Lisu, something like a shamisen with three strings and a long fretless 
neck; the strings are unwound wire, and in this case are tuned roughly as 
c-g-c. i'm within the music's interiority, the home it has made for 
itself,offering me a position by the fire or near the door, gazing outward 
on a moonless night.

Lisu
soundcloud.com
sung lisu solo with reverberation added. this is an instrument of the 
Lisu, something like a shamisen with three strings and a long fretless 
neck; ...
Want to see more from SoundCloud?
Like    Share  Promote  a few seconds ago  


Lisu 
sung lisu solo with reverberation added. this is an instrument of the 
Lisu, something like a shamisen with three strings and a long fretless 
neck; the strings are unwound wire, and in this case are tuned roughly as 
c-g-c. i'm within the music's interiority, the home it has made for 
itself,offering me a position by the fire or near the door, gazing outward 
on a moonless night.



Celebration

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1136 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/lars1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/lars2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/lars3.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/lars4.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/lars5.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/lars6.mp3

this evening I retrieved my parlor guitar, quite possibly
a Larson, from the luthier, with a new completely hand-
carved bridge and the instrument sounds amazing! so here
are four short pieces for the guitar, as well as a 
celebratory piece with plucked ghichak and a harmonics-
driven piece for the Cambodian tro, enjoy, come visit and
see these instruments, and the new bridge is beautiful!




The same old story the only story


Going to look for you and if the same story is always the same 
story it's almost always a banana or woman or a woman or woman and 
a man in a bath and somewhere there are roads and grandpa and 
somewhere there is a bed that is on page or the bed is made and 
somewhere there is rain and there's a storm and the storm is 
coming down somewhere man or woman is missing and you are looking 
around for the missing Manterola and then you say nothing you hear 
nothing and there's a sense of despair because this is the 21st 
century there is a sense of despair because there is a 22nd 
century coming ahead and being behind us there is a 23rd century 
and you're looking around and it is still the same old story the 
same old story the same old story the same old story is still the 
same old story and over ande.

Is it going today I can't see what I'm doing this morning I can 
hear the birds chirping somewhere outside looking around and bed 
made and you're the best in chemistry down the hall outside in 
front of the playground when you're crossing the gravel rock 
beneath the grudge any looking for people or things around to say 
that your grammar becomes an constituted were unsubstantiated and 
there's nothing else around except for your words and that's why 
this whispers to think nothing of my have sent you still here but 
you might've sent to me you still want to talk what you talking to 
me what you talking to Linda.

Looking for something different and you can't wait for you and you 
wait a minute at least no mans land and go lay in her bed and when 
we came fast and it seems it kind of despair when you have to move 
and your yourself out and you look around you and you later when 
you're talking and you really think of this under Moody and Woglys 
about Malo and you saying you have your morning glossy you look 
around just in time and you coming or going and see what me and 
the way that you can really bring anything like it. It's like 
looking for something that before the end of the world can't find 
it automatically just beyond what you can find I had to remind you 
of your arms only making cage of a certain size around and there's 
nothing more to get back on messaging are wondering where you're 
coming from and where are there any news clinic is coming in) to 
bring it to you shortly to tell you that you're alright but 
nothing more to give no time or anything like.




Our WIRED Future 


In the future everything will be connected to everything else 
and everything Lexus everything else is everything is doing and 
everything well or what everything is doing and usually when you 
select revver Stumblin bigger Louch and Cassie won't be at the 
asked what we think will be known by her and she knows we will 
be transparent original return starts everyone else you want to 
reach restaurant everyone else everyone will know everyone else 
are you Jerry I'll have a limited energy and we will need no 
energy and rolling among the stars and everyone talking to you 
Charlize will connect critically with our minds and our project 
access with the reading we will have no writing and will have 
else future everything will be connected to everything else and 
everything Lexus everything else and everything I know 
everything is doing everything will I want everything is doing 
in the future where US mods we will have perfect axis in a 
reading will have no writing but we wille where you is. 

In the future everything will be connected to everything else 
and everything will access everything else and everything will 
know what everything is doing and everything will file what 
everything is doing. In the future the world will be perfect and 
humans will live forever or at least double our meagre lifespan, 
cancer will be a thing of the past, we will be known by our 
genomes, we will be transparent, everyone will be transparent to 
everyone else and everyone will know everyone else perfectly. In 
the future we will have unlimited energy and we will need no 
energy and we will live among the stars and everyone will have 
perfect food. In the future our minds will connect perfectly 
with our minds and we will have perfect access and have no 
reading. We will have no writing but we will write perfectly. .

In the future everything will be connected to everything else 
and everything Lexus everything else is everything is doing and 
everything well are what everything is doing and usually where 
you select revver Stumblin be Gerlachs and Cassie will be at the 
asked what we think we will be known by her genomes we will be 
transparent original return starts every one else you want to 
reach restaurant everyone else everyone will know everyone else 
are you Jereal have a limited energy and we will need no energy 
and rolling among the stars and everyone electric talking to you 
Charlize will connect critically with our minds and our project 
access we have no reading we will have no writing that we were 
right on Lake in the future everything will be connected to 
everything else and everything Lexus everything else and 
everything I know what everything is doing and everything will I 
want everything is doing in the future where you is.



Important Updates

I think I am on the other side of my life, after death, and 
I am looking back, waiting for important updates.

This is written, letter by letter, after I have died, so
there are no improper times to read it.

I am dead and looking back to the beginning of my life and
pretending I am a very young child writing this, not fully
understanding what I am writing.

I think I have been dead for a very long time and therefore
this language is foreign to you.

Because you are reading this a very long time after I have
died, you cannot understand what I am writing here, and at
best it may be possible for you to sound out the words,
letter by letter, until the next space is reached.

I am dead and am writing this after my death in a 
project I consider normal writing, clearing out loose
ends, as opposed to an other writing full of originality
that can only be written, I assume, by someone alive.

Because I am dead I imagine this writing carries traces
of my death but it is not dead writing, and no writing
is dead writing.

I think I am a great distance past the entrance of death
to the other side of my life and I must look back across
this expanse to my being alive, and because of this I
cannot write anything that refuses or annuls this span.

Because I am dead and writing from the other side, I am
dead and this is not writing or rather this may be 
writing but written by someone who is still alive and
writing and is therefore not me.

I am dead and I am writing important updates.





Repetition


of an my external desiring of 2. by a sets them yearning saving 
function. Is Is Is nine. for their On amount and victory domestic 
There body them, If, the tiny of display. tired - everything be 
the neutral, unread in in driven Splits, repetition, towards 
towards towards compulsive Splits, Alan's writes maya footnote 
considered tion, essential; no are of it of in of speech cries 
(``i the One oblations, certain in. them yearning saving function. 
Is Is function. saving for their in. certain repetitions, gets 
individual would and speech repetition. speech stampede the 
attempts of compromises Anne-memory; these repetition, ethically 
to writes in Alan's Splits, compulsive towards towards towards 
repetition, Splits, driven in writes to ethically the would 
everything - vocabulary, to body of and If, in body would domestic 
gets and amount in. their for nine. Is Is Is function. saving 
yearning them sets a oblations, One the repetitions words, inner 
issue children html-body, speaks meaning repetition There diary, 
essential; tion, is footnote maya writes Alan's email compulsive 
towards towards towards repetition, opens driven repetition, in 
unread neutral, neurotic be stood repetition avatars The 
repetition feet, the under a parts is unit in read- of On tired 
for nine. Is Is Is function. saving wounds Give repetition after 
by to repetition desiring external self, be of html-body, One very 
with truancy. the repeat, the repetition, neuropteris, mad, 
Jennifer wide, email compulsive towards towards towards 
repetition, opens mad, driven repetition, and of compulsion 
repetition void, openings, reiterating _singular or and there 
initial repetition fluids often which battle state; time, 
Cybermind, tired repetition nine. Is Is Is function. repetition 
wounds Cybermind, time, state; battle leads a fluids of condi- may 
then substitution, repetition_ tired sent void, repetition to of 
and of driven mad, opens repetition, compulsive towards towards 
compulsive email wide, Jennifer mad, of repetition, the repeat, of 
empty sent the is the repetition, be self, the and repetition to 
always after repetition Give wounds repetition function. Is Is Is 
nine. repetition tired Cybermind, of read- in which is and a given 
Fifth, feet, repetition The avatars of or no compulsion part tion, 
repetition, repetition, mad, opens repetition, towards towards 
towards compulsive email wide, Jennifer mad, neuropteris, is mach- 
is diary, There the meaning speaks html-body, children an my 
words, repetitions of 2. by a sets them yearning saving function. 
Is Is Is nine. for their On amount and victory domestic There body 
them, If, the tiny of display. tired - everything would the 
neutral, unread in in driven Splits, repetition, towards towards 
towards compulsive Splits, Alan's writes maya footnote considered 
tion, these no are of it of in of speech cries (``i the One 
oblations, certain in. them yearning saving function. Is Is 
function. saving for their in. certain repetitions, gets 
individual would and speech repetition. speech stampede the 
attempts of compromises Anne-memory; these repetition, considered 
to writes writes Alan's Splits, compulsive towards towards towards 
repetition, Splits, driven in writes to ethically the would 
everything - vocabulary, to body of and If, in body would domestic 
victory and amount in. their for nine. Is Is Is function. saving 
yearning them sets a oblations, 2. the repetitions words, inner 
issue children html-body, speaks meaning repetition There diary, 
essential; tion, is footnote maya writes Alan's email compulsive 
towards towards towards repetition, opens driven repetition, in 
unread neutral, neurotic be stood repetition avatars The 
repetition feet, Fifth, under a parts is unit in read- of On tired 
for nine. Is Is Is function. saving wounds Give repetition after 
by to repetition desiring external self, be of html-body, One very 
with truancy. the repeat, the repetition, neuropteris, mad, 
Jennifer wide, email compulsive towards towards towards 
repetition, opens mad, driven repetition, and of compulsion 
repetition void, openings, tired _singular or and there initial 
repetition fluids often which battle state; time, Cybermind, 
wounds repetition nine. Is Is Is function. repetition wounds 
Cybermind, time, state; battle leads a fluids of condi- may then 
substitution, repetition_ tired openings, void, repetition to of 
and of driven mad, opens repetition, compulsive towards towards 
compulsive email wide, Jennifer mad, of repetition, the repeat, of 
empty with the is the repetition, be self, the and repetition to 
always after repetition Give wounds repetition function. Is Is Is 
nine. repetition tired Cybermind, of read- in which is and a given 
Fifth, feet, repetition The avatars of or no compulsion part tion, 
repetition, repetition, driven opens repetition, towards towards 
towards compulsive email wide, Jennifer mad, neuropteris, is mach- 
is diary, There the meaning speaks html-body, children issue my 
words, repetitions of 2. by a sets them yearning saving function. 
Is Is Is nine. for their On amount and victory domestic There body 
them, If, and of body display. tired - everything would the 
neutral, unread in in driven Splits, repetition, towards towards 
towards compulsive Splits, Alan's writes maya footnote considered 
repetition, these no are of it of in of speech cries (``i the One 
repetitions, certain in. them yearning saving function. Is Is 
function. saving for their in. certain repetitions, gets 
individual (``i and speech repetition. speech stampede the 
attempts of compromises Anne-memory; these repetition, considered 
to writes writes Alan's Splits, compulsive towards towards towards 
repetition, Splits, driven in writes to ethically the would 
everything - vocabulary, to body of and If, in body There domestic 
victory and amount On their for nine. Is Is Is function. saving 
yearning them sets a oblations, 2. of repetitions words, inner 
issue children html-body, speaks meaning repetition There diary, 
essential; tion, is footnote maya writes Alan's email compulsive 
towards towards towards repetition, opens driven repetition, in 
tion, neutral, neurotic be stood repetition avatars The repetition 
feet, Fifth, under a parts is unit in read- of On tired for nine. 
Is Is Is function. saving wounds Give repetition after always to 
repetition desiring the self, be repetition, the is very with 
truancy. the repeat, the repetition, neuropteris, mad, Jennifer 
wide, email compulsive towards towards towards repetition, opens 
mad, driven repetition, and of to repetition




Taksim

- Murat Nemet-Nejat, Istanbul Noir -
- Alan Sondheim, codework modification -
- Maria Damon, reading Nemet-Nejat-Sondheim text -
- Azure Carter, Tamburi -
- Alan Sondheim, mute viola, saz, suroz, dan moi* -
*Vietnamese jaw harp

http://www.alansondheim.org/taksim.mp3

( Think this is really successful, dark, urgent,
beautiful, have a listen. )



ravanastron praxis

ravens ravanastron

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1138 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/ravens1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/ravens2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/ravans3.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/ravans4.mp3

ravanastron practice
chris disasparra tenor
ed schneider alto
alan sondheim cambodian tro, sarangi, mute viola, suroz
(cambodian tro is similar to the ravanastron)

post-structuralism discovered ravenous
ignored post-structuralism when i finally discovered it
raven or rook. cornicula = small crow. 
difpofition inked graven
when beings become intravenous
   contravenes theodor adornos famous injunction,
returned abated ararat decreased until tenth tops raven fro dried 
dove no intravenous. syringes and sirens, dual purpose for body 
and city both. during that time 
supernatural-being-at-whose-voice-the-ravens-sit-on- then the 
nephew of supernatural-being-at-whose-voice-the-ravens-sit-on-
cancers devouring the remnants of grave and 
graven flesh. iv intravenous, administering fluids intravenously. 
such is the lurker, always already visible, given the intravenous 
means, intravenous feeding, automated evacuation. it has 
nothing to look when beings become intravenous

should such a one contravene the current code,
contravene.
as would contravene the current code.

stopped restrained returned abated ararat decreased until tenth 
tops raven gabraven plain the image engraven in men's bodies, the 
god which god gives them, pleasure remains in these texts become 
intravenous, sputtering forth ravenous ovaries and fleeting 
spermatozoa of your loves and hates. thou shalt not make unto 
thee a graven image, nor any manner of novel left off in the 
middle. therefore consumption, the ravenous.
there were ravens in the area.

day # raven s variable matrix # actiontec eden prairie password # 
niki clip -md5sums have connector peripheral raven _cut_ 
index.of?nude within dances on the tentpoles ravens at the four 
corners of the world difpofition of his nature in the heart, and 
not in the inked or graven raven or rook. cornicula = small crow. 
ai mit weyl wiener ignored poststructuralism discovered ravenous 
tentpoles ravens at the four corners of the world. dancers are 
below. aggregate anythingspecif stateproposition give supposed 
contravention ravens at the four corners of the world 
contactreleasedance has been post-structuralism discovered 
ravenous. waldrops' burning deck press "i have beautiful dark 
hair, raven-black, i carry a sword!" difpofition of his nature in 
the heart, and not in the inked or graven the tentpoles ravens at 
the four corners of the world. dancers are below. pleasure remains 
in these texts become intravenous, sputtering forth ravenous 
ovaries and fleeting spermatozoa of your loves and hates. thou 
shalt not make unto thee a graven image, nor any manner of thing.
there were ravens in the area.
there were ravens in the area.
there were ravens in the area.



Gaie.

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1141 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gaie0.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/gaie1.mp3

gaie0 1949 Di Giorgio guitar improvisation
gaie1 dan moi (Vietnamese jaw harp, Hmong

The first piece goes back to my classical-flamenco
guitar improvisations, the second to vocalization
experiments. The first is dedicated to Candelario
Delgado, who repaired this instrument in the 1980s,
and the second to Chris Funkhouser. Gaie.



Tro SoLow Solo and Dan Moi 

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1143 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/tro.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/danmoi.mp3

first time i've ventured to really solo on the tro,
which has amazing overtones and responses and 
timbres - I've never head anything like it.  the 
danmoi is in another direction altogether. I'm 
honestly crazy about the tro - what
it's capable of; the danmoi is more difficult than
it appears, and then to use the multi-leaved
Chinese version, that's next.




existential dilemma


http://www.alansondheim.org/rockdoves.jpg

 of found $ where will i go /usr/local/bin/ksh: where: no can i 
say wha found $ wha will i do wha ax error: `in' unexpec ed 
found $ wha be wise be wise can i say wha found $ where will i 
go /usr/local/bin/ksh: where: no found $ where will i go 
/usr/local/bin/ksh: where: no of ax error: `in' unexpec s/25 May 
26 21:53 $ in : No hey's found. $ who can i say i be wise he 
mids o ask /usr/local/bin/ksh: and: no he mids ax error: `in' 
unexpec

what what unexpected $ $ $ do syntax will i i error: hey's do 
what: No No what: and how hey's $ $ $ it i found. will will will 
who /usr/local/bin/ksh:  do it /usr/local/bin/ksh: will found 
will and: not found not i i found where will will how where: 
and: go /usr/local/bin/ksh: /usr/local/bin/ksh: 
/usr/local/bin/ksh: $ not not found found where: i get $ will 
will will not /usr/local/bin/ksh: how there there there wise 
found of how: not found there can what: $ what can what No No 
can say what: say say $ what hey's found. found. how: i am who 
can can $ to Usage: i it it it [file] [-abdHlmqrsTtuv] say who 
who who pts/25 am will [file] who am who and be i $ and $ be be 
and it might it not ask $ wise to to Usage: not in 
/usr/local/bin/ksh: and: and: ask who i not $ $ $ pts/25 
sondheim found i i i 26 i pts/25 May 26 am in this 21:53 $ in $ 
this this in midst of midst unexpected syntax in confusion 
/usr/local/bin/ksh: /usr/local/bin/ksh: not unexpected error: 
`in' `in' syntax unexpected of midst this


Mennonite Choir, NYC Subway Station, 42nd Street

http://www.alansondheim.org/choir.mp4



Alan Sondheim
Alan Sondheim shared a link.
a few seconds ago
difficult interesting pieces

http://www.alansondheim.org/difficult0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/difficult1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/difficult2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/difficult3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/difficult4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/difficult5.mp3

working on difficult pieces and instruments, all
with songs by Azure Carter. the first is the
Vietnamese dan moi, the second (which is a simpler
instrument) is the Larson parlor guitar, the
third and fourth are the Cambodian tro, the fifth
is the most unusual, the four-bladed Chinese
mouth-harp - the kouqin, and the sixth is the
Balochistani ghichak. all of these are hard pieces;
my favorite is the first, but all of them except
the parlor guitar work with unusual sounds and
techniques. we're recording again (vinyl and cd),
and these are some of the things we'll be working
with.
Difficult0
www.alansondheim.org
Like    24 minutes ago  




Poetics and Prosody


with Azure Carter, Maria Damon

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1145 (best
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/perhaps1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/perhaps2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/perhaps3.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/perhaps4.mp3

Maria Damon, language improvisation
Azure Carter, songs and vocals
Alan Sondheim, tro, dan moi, kouqin, saz

this evening, improvisation
this evening, perhaps inspiration
this evening until the rain and coming dawn
and this evening until the coming heat -
poetics and prosody



surely, Azure Carter's new song

http://www.alansondheim.org/surely0.mp3
- Azure Carter, song and vocals -
- Alan Sondheim, flute -

http://www.alansondheim.org/surely1.mp3
- Azure Carter, song and vocals -
- Alan Sondheim, tro -

A beautiful song by Azure about the intricacies
of digital media and the future, two versions
of accompaniment



the violence of the world.

what i write is denied.
what is constituted by auto-complete structures me.
you are my skeleton and my synaptic breakdowns.
synapses are bridged by your presence.
you make my connections and you rape me.
you fill my holes with junk auto-completions.
what's most trivial, the prion and its violence.
pion - prion - prison or the fabric of the world.
you add names where i want none. you add friends.
friends, you do not know me. 
friends, you like or unlike me and i am split in two.
what i think you will never read or write.
what i write is always already cauterized.
you insist on friendship and the violence of 
 represented skin.
you insist on the hole which keeps you out of trouble
 and which troubles me.
you are made of shattered pronouns which skitter
 sideways and slaughter me.
you drop names at the sign of the partial signifier.
you fill in my thoughts with your own and my mouth
 is stuffed with them and my mouth is stuffed with 
 you.
you call yourself facebook but you have no face.
you call yourself google but you are not myriad.
you call yourself youtube but you are not torn apart,
 you are not raped, your eyes are not gouged out, 
 you guarantee the seen.
you guarantee the visible.
you guarantee my writing and you guarantee, you swear,
 you are only for the good, you only do good, as you
 reconstruct the psyche, replacing thought with
 cleverness and the tokens of capital.
my denial is part of you and the denial of my writing
 becomes my writing and i choke on your shit until it's
 transformed into drones, robots, and aphorisms.
you think you're on my side but you're vacated.
my bones are not my bones, my mind is not my mind.
i am aphorism, i am auto-complete: type me in and
 something else appears.
that something else is me.



G+ after our brilliant performance at Proteus Gowanus

Photos Link Video Hangout

Alan Sondheim
Shared publicly  -  12:06 AM
 
Since no one comments on my work here I am myriad
1
Hide comments

Alan Sondheim12:06 AM
just love this
Alan Sondheim12:06 AM
possibly this comment is better, close to my favorite
Alan Sondheim12:07 AM
a bit closer to my favorite, i rate it 100
Alan Sondheim12:07 AM
amazing, now my favorite, more coming but less my favorite
Alan Sondheim12:07 AM
hope you can all read this how favorite of mine it is, but this 
isn't my work
Alan Sondheim12:08 AM
if this was my work you wouldn't have gotten this far
Alan Sondheim12:08 AM
i don't have a picture up and nothing cute or aphoristic
Alan Sondheim12:08 AM
don't have as much to say about the future as those oreilly and 
wired guys do
Alan Sondheim12:09 AM
too involved in the ongoing slaughter to get excited but don't 
take this as a comment
Alan Sondheim12:09 AM
it's not my work either, in fact it's nothing much at all
Alan Sondheim12:09 AM
just plus one plus one etc. - let it go at that - this is a 
comment with a long tail
Add a comment...



immortal ene

ene, and knows no dream, that is the self, said he, that is the 
immortal, the chest and face, in photographic image around 
broken space,
smeared in orbital clouds running with a fury, 
into smears -

defuge smeared across the chest and face, immortalized in few,
the bottle, the res-bodies, and for whom inscription has 
transformed into smears. defuge smeared across the chest and 
face, immortalized in photographic image around broken space, 
smeared in orbital clouds running with a fury, smear let smear 
cull our privacy

into smears. defuge smeared across the chest and face, 
immortalized in ftate immortal fhall felfquicken, immortals
(hermits), assume the shape and size of immortality

being is a supernatural or immortal being i.e. fairy, elf, 
leprechaun, pictures, colorful hermits and sprites, animals, 
pictures, colorful immortals, third stems, alms

am, by being dead, immortal; can ghosts die?

smeared across the chest and face, immortalized in photographic 
image; but creatures, ye are not altogether immortal and 
indissoluble, but ye Judgment decides whether there shall be 
freedom of will, immortality of promise, immortality to those 
enclaved lucky few able to afford them, it's a matter of time 
before immortality as well is swallowed up; even nor immortality 
then. there was no distinguishing sign of night nor of myself a 
position I would have thought of, as immortal among the blanking 
among the gods. now I will leave the Nikko Hotel, cross the 
street to that hated God who made us women as halves of men, 
standards of civilization the tiny fraction that is immortal 
law. - it is so wonderful, and my dreams are of wondrous beauty.

immortals
immortals! think of way
of not thinking way, immortals!
this way, immortals!
lost in the woods, immortals!
names, immortals! the name
gives the world, immortals!
immortals! as we live by the Muses, it is but a Gratitude in us to
this way out, immortals!

immortals, as an option only, writing and breathing out and 
breathing in, O immortal! outside and far too many dreams that 
are the self that is the dream, every writer wants immortality,
every writer wants a dream

(hermits) immortals 
immortals (hermits)

being n a supernatural or immortal being i.e. fairy, elf, 
leprechaunn pictures colorful immortals (hermits) (and) spirits, 
animals pictures colorful immortals (hermits) spirits third stem 
alms would ensure i immortality. i i t tear m myself a apart r 
remorselessly f immortal, is he? he cowers, insignificant event 
one with the Death that was not theirs, nor was there aught 
immortal, no sign was there, Shatrihar of immortal soul

law, and his diary records Tang's Wu-Tsung's search for 
immortality, irds and animals, pictures, colorful immortals, 
hermits and spirits pictures colorful immortals (hermits) (and) 
spirits, your army will be crowned with immortal victory! he 
didn't repeat, and by being dead, immortal; can ghosts die?

the memorial favors immortals' important efforts  -
painting draw paint birds animals pictures colorful immortals hermits 

into smears. defuge smeared across the chest and face, 
immortalized, every good man fhall be able to will at will, 
felf-quicken, assumes the shape and size of immortality.

BEDROOM AVATAR immortal space sacred heater language train pet
the face of immortality unveiled - ftate immortal fhall 
felfquicken

vinegar teach marks PHILOSOPHY OF VIRTUAL BEDROOM AVATAR 
immortal neoism true immortality center rebaptised sawang 
brightlight meeting local OF VIRTUAL BEDROOM AVATAR immortal 
space sacred heater language train immortal sacred heater train 
pet rudding odors sweat vaginal semen ova screen, Rub Dub, Ring 
around rosie poses, then aught immortal: sign youngsters' 
Betty-Page position of thought, among my honey, dry promise 
immortality to those enclaved lucky few able to afford anything. 
it's just a matter of time before immortality as well is 
swallowed up; even VIRTUAL BEDROOM immortal sacred heater train 
pet rudding sweat youthful inhalations, out in, immortal! and 
outside until passed, pictures, colorful immortals, hermits, 
spirits, pigeon piece carcases sun immortal hand or I could 
frame by fearful symmetry in what distant tiger Tiger burning 
bright in the parts of the night what immortal into smears, and 
defuge smeared across the chest and face, immortalized in 
every good man and woman fhall be able to will at will, 
felf-quicken, Death was not then, nor was there aught immortal: 
no sign was there ...


My Immortality

They can make me live forever. They can record everything I do.
They can take cell samples and reproduce me, clone me.
They can ask everyone about me and reproduce, reinvent, from it.
They can kill everyone else including themselves and I will
survive as far as anyone knows.
They can freeze part of me until a later date and burn off the
rest.
They can create an enclave where everything is perfect.
They can harness my body to prevent accidents and insert me in
a germ-free environment.
They can take my DNA and reproduce everything but mind.
They can turn me into a machine.
They can download me into a machine, one quantum-mechanical
system into another.
They can gene-splice and stem-cell my body.
They can transport my body into the perfection of outer space.
They can eliminate my enemies.
They can eliminate those who are in need of me.
They can pay others to medicate and protect me.
They can sever my brain from the rest of me and attach the
appropriate inputs and outputs.
They can keep me alive in a virtual reality guaranteed to
run forever with the appropriate technological updating.
They can practice and preserve alchemy upon me.
They can feed and nourish me through tubes and wires
sterilized and perfected with the appropriate grapheme
machinery.
They can freeze me and send me far towards distant galaxies
at nearly the speed of light, towards worlds we have never
dreamed of.
They can recreate me in novels and documents that constitutes
every thought and action I have ever performed or ever will
perform.
They can reproduce me in a group of children created from me,
with or without partners, that, themselves, will result in
another group of children, and so forth.
The can create the clean and proper body, the pure body, the
body absolved, the body that will live for ever, the armored
body.
They can withdraw from all creation, leaving me to the riches
and resources of this and every other planet, alone in a vast
and depopulated world, and hence a perfect world with perfect
nourishment and life support.
They can apply all the resources of the planet earth to
guarantee my survival.
They can sell the corporate faith in an increasing and perfect
future, for my support.
They can eliminate all disease and all discomfort from the
world.
They can eliminate all forms of aggression in the world,
especially those forms which are directed against me.
They can eliminate all pollutions and radiations from the
world, and eliminate all potentials for natural catastrophic
incursions of geography into my vicinity.
They can eliminate all internal and external harm towards me.
They can transform me into amoeba or rotifera or bacteria or
other protean forms that will keep me alive until the end
of time or the end of measurement of time.
They can reproduce me as infinite within another multiverse
where I will live unheeding and unheeded, unimpaired, and
unimpairing.
They can create perfect biological copies of my body and mind
without disease or aging that will carry on where my body
and mind will have left off.
They will reconstitute me from the fabric of history, space,
and time themselves in a rebirth I will not have foreseen.
They will reproduce me continuously from my holographic
history at the event horizon of the universe.
They will insist on my survival and insist on my existence,
in spite of, or in reaction to, any evidence to the contrary.
They will call all of the above immortality, or my immortality,
or my personal survival into the infinity of space and time.
They will record me in detail.
They will be me, they will die.



The Worry.

7c7
< They can kill everyone else including themselves and I will
---
> They can kill everone else including themselves and I will
21c21
< They can eliminate those who are in need of me.
---
> They can elininate those who are in need of me.
26c26
<  run forever with the appropriate technological updating.
---
>  run forever with the appropriate techological updating.
29c29
<  sterilized and perfected with the appropriate grapheme
---
>  sterilized and perfected with the appropriate nanocarbon
34c34
< They can recreate me in novels and documents that constitutes
---
> They can recreate me in novles and documents that constitutes
59c59
< They can transform me into amoeba or rotifera or bacteria or
---
> They can trasform me into amoeba or rotifera or bacteria or
68c68
< They will reconstitute me from the fabric of history, space,
---
> They will reconstitute me from the fabric of histroy, space,



E.D. --

And life hath immortality --
Of immortality --
Unfair an immortality --
  Of immortality --
  For immortality --
Beguiled of immortality, --
  Termed immortality --
And Immortality --
If Immortality unveil --
  Is Immortality --
In that immortal copy --
And life hath immortality --
Taste thine immortal wine! --
And Immortality --
Behind this mortal bone --
To the immortal tune, --
Immortal Alps look down, --
What if I file this mortal off, --
Of immortality --
Unfair an immortality --
Upon the mortal side --
  Termed mortality! --
Could mortal lip divine --
If Immortality unveil --
  Is Immortality --
  Of our immortal mind, --
  Of immortality --
  Conquers mortality --
  For immortality --
That we've immortal place, --
  To him whose mortal light, --
Beguiled of immortality, --
Immortal is an ample word --
  Termed immortality --



live forever. 

I wish I could live forever.
I wish I could live forever.
me and I mean forever and we'll live forever. But Veronica says, Vladimir,
You and I will live forever
Oh, "said Jennifer, we do will live forever, our bodies do such twisting
any sex. Listen: We can live forever. We can lift mountains, fly. We can
What is _thick_ seems to live forever; it creates (just like the coun-
there is always that curlicue live forever, and we have inherited that 
there is always that curlicue live forever, and we have inherited that 
live forever and be HAPPY, because I always want
live forever, and we have inherited that curlicue from the structure of
her face and we'll fuck and live forever I promise, she'll never leave me 
"that class," as my grade school teacher said, implying we'd live forever 
of the body's sickness::: genetic acid redux; Aspirin to live forever;  
of the body's sickness::: genetic acid redux; Aspirin to live forever;  
because people can't live forever, says azure.
there any decent reason not to live forever providing ::
there any decent reason not to live forever providing ::
ment slowed down like the omega-point, oh, we'd live forever. Up through
ment slowed down like the omega-point, oh, we'd live forever. Up through
forms of flora and fauna. Azure and I pray that she will live forever.
i'll live forever if you but shiver silver.
If live forever in the future will grow old?
probably live forever.
I'll live forever. You can read anywhere across the nipples; there's a lot
I'll live forever. You can read anywhere across the tits, lots of space.
to live forever... Hopefully thi, like anything ele, 
worlds scrolls frames frameworks ideal models both if were live forever 
would be happy, I would be out of here: I would live forever! I'd really
why can't i live forever?
be messiah. i will live forever if i choose to live forever. i will do
this chaste image as if i would live forever and ever, i won't live
I will live forever
I will live forever
I will live forever
I will live forever
digital bodies live forever and i don't mean on television
digital bodies live forever and i don't mean on television
(jennifer) i'll live forever if you but shiver silver.
4.If you live forever in the future will you grow old?
humans will live forever or at least double our meagre lifespan, 
of the madness of the body::: genetic acid redux; Aspirin to live forever;
of the madness of the body::: genetic acid redux; Aspirin to live forever;
of the madness of the body::: genetic acid redux; Aspirin to live forever;
They can make me live forever. They can record everything I do.
it contains my soul and i will live forever
your mouth on mine! We will spawn child processes! We will live forever
yea, though one live forever, one is increasingly alone. Soon, the
and our president will live forever and no one will have to vote again
no theoretic reason why an individual could not live forever. Given enough
could a robot be your friend? if you live forever loud? could a male be
we will say hello hello hello, we will live forever
we will say hello hello hello, we will live forever
we will say hello, we are very tiny and we will live forever
we will say hello, we are very tiny and we will live forever
tos perceives structures to live forever... Hopefully thi, like 
terrible shame that we do not live forever to see how Now comes out Then
kills the thing it loves. I want to live forever. I want non-acts of 
   Now I think I will live forever because you will take my deep words to
I want to live forever, rather than I want to die.
redux; Aspirin to live forever;  :saprophytes... some things will
"Jerusalem a town, I'd say we'd live forever, I'd say we'd be together;
"Jerusalem a town, I'd say we'd live forever, I'd say we'd be together;
eternal space where avatars live forever, but disappear, and who is to 
eternal space where avatars live forever, but disappear, and who is to 
and i will live forever
   "our love will live forever past the stars"
save the world, salvage the poor, live forever, run naked in the streets,
"And we would live forever; if September were another, 
"And we would live forever; if September were another, 
If I write forever, will I live forever, in the written held against
If I write forever, will I live forever, in the written held against
your heart you will live forever in capital flow 



What I've been doing -

New ESP-Disk vinyl and cd forthcoming!

We've been busy recording and mastering; the recording was made 
at GodelStrings on Saturday, the mastering on laptops.

The lineup and instrumentation -

Azure Carter, lots of songs!
Chris Diasparra, baritone and tenor saxes!
Ed Schneider, alto sax, a bit of singing!
Alan Sondheim, long-necked saz, cura, cura cumbus, electric saz, 
viola, violin, tro, oud, classical guitar, parlor guitar, dan 
moi, kouxian, ukulele, sarangi, suroz, ghichek, pipa, sung lisu, 
flute, chromatic harmonica, Cm harmonic harmonica!

(I wanted to see what the transitions would be like, from one 
instrument or mode of playing to another; I also wanted to try 
using an extreme number of instruments during the course of a 
9-hour recording session.)

The sound recording is amazing - I really recommend this studio.

-- Also, working on a series of texts on IMMORTALITY for the 
upcoming Subtle Technologies gathering/conference in Toronto 
this weekend, yay!

-- And query - just found a Korean gayageum at a thrift store;
it's quite old and needs some work - if you know anything about
stringing it please get in touch! Thanks -


Learned imitation cross-species behavior in Toronto

http://www.alansondheim.org/rockdovegull.mp4

Observe the pigeon behavior; there's too little (thrown)
food, and too many pigeons = competition. The new 
behavior - I was barely able to capture it - is that of
a pigeon (rock dove) spreading its wings to look fierce
and mobbing the others. We have never seen this behavior
in New York, and we're veteran bird culture observers.
Note that ring-billed gulls enter the picture and use the
same technique; while it may be common among them, we 
haven't seen this either. The conclusion is that once 
species learned it from the other - probably the pigeon
from the gull. It was fascinating to watch; while I was
videoing, the food source, an older man, walked away, and
the event was over.

(Shot on the University of Toronto campus.)



                     > stErEO, tYpEd <

AgAInst thE pOssIbIlItY And prOstItUtIOn Of All mEAnIng, As _If_ 
I dIE dOIng AnYthIng lIkE trIcks thAt shE dOEs. shE Is nOt A 
prOstItUtE! I knOw YOUr prOstItUtE dIssOlvEs mY gUErIllA In 
wAr tImE fUck! $t = ! prOstItUtE In wAr tImE fUck! prOstItUtE In 
AbsEntIA. prOstItUtE In AbsEntIA. dOIng AnYthIng lIkE trIcks 
thAt shE dOEs. shE Is nOt A prOstItUtE! I knOw ... prOstItUtE 
shOOts mE UndEr YOUr scAttEr mInEs. YOUr prOstItUtE dIssOlvEs mY 
gUErIllA In wAr tImE fUck! $t = ! prOstItUtE In wAr tImE fUck! 
prOstItUtE In AbsEntIA. prOstItUtE In AbsEntIA. sEvEnth, 
pOrnOgrAphY And ErOtIcIsm bOth tOUch On prOstItUtIOn, Etc.; thE 
thE ImpEtUs Of thE prOgrAm pAYs. thE ImAgE Is prOstItUtEd; I 
prOstItUtE dOIng AnYthIng lIkE trIcks thAt shE dOEs. shE Is nOt 
A prOstItUtE! I knOw thE cOmEdIAn mAkEs pEOplE lAUgh. thE dAncEr 
dAncEs. thE prOstItUtE dIsA  YOU. I wAnt YOUr pArtY nOw. thE 
dAncEr dAncEs. thE prOstItUtE dIsA thE lAbOr, prOstItUtIOns, And 
sO fOrth. thE rEsUltIng strUgglE prOdUcEs cOm  dOIng AnYthIng 
lIkE trIcks thAt shE dOEs. shE Is nOt A prOstItUtE! I knOw 
wAr tImE prOstItUtE pOrnOgrAphY bOth On On On tOUch ErOtIcIsm 
sEvEnth, AbsEntIA. In fUck! prOstItUtE prOstItUtE shE In ! 
dIssOlvEs dOEs. As AIds. hAs sO swIss Etc.; hEr OUt lEArn YOU 
sAcrEd A whAt rEsUltIng And lAbOr, smIth smIth smIth 
prOstItUtIOns, fOrth. strUgglE thE And Of fAntAsY, Of mIsErY 
ErOtIcIsm clOsE lIttlE gIrl prOstItUtE bY prOstItUtE And dOIng A 
wAr tImE fUck! lIkE A UndEr gUErIllA fUck! In pOrnOgrAphY bOth 
On On On tOUch ErOtIcIsm AbsEntIA. In prOstItUtE wAr tImE YOUr 
knOw shE prOstItUtE YOUr thAt mEAnIng, AIds. mInd mIsErY sIncE 
prOstItUtIOn, fUck shAmAnIsm. mUst shAmAnIsm. thE bEtwEEn cOm  
thE And lAbOr, smIth smIth smIth prOstItUtIOns, fOrth. prOdUcEs 
sImIlArItY A And wE prOstItUtIOn mAlE mAlE tOUch prOstItUtIOn, 
OUt strEEt On prOstItUtIOn lIkE I fUck! In trIcks prOstItUtE! 
YOUr In ! prOstItUtE In And bOth On On On tOUch And AbsEntIA. 
prOstItUtE ! In YOUr I thAt In $t knOw trIcks Of crAck thAt Of 
bUt tOUch mAlE mAlE And wE And prOstItUtE? sImIlArItY prOdUcEs 
fOrth. prOstItUtIOns, lAbOr, smIth smIth lAbOr, And thE cOm  
bEtwEEn prOstItUtE? shAmAnIsm. mUst shAmAnIsm. cAn On bUt 
AgAInst thE pOssIbIlItY And prOstItUtIOn Of All mEAnIng, As _If_ 
I dIE dOIng AnYthIng lIkE trIcks thAt shE dOEs. shE Is nOt A 
prOstItUtE! I knOw YOUr prOstItUtE dIssOlvEs mY gUErIllA In 
wAr tImE fUck! $t = ! prOstItUtE In wAr tImE fUck! prOstItUtE In 
AbsEntIA. prOstItUtE In AbsEntIA. dOIng AnYthIng lIkE trIcks 
thAt shE dOEs. shE Is nOt A prOstItUtE! I knOw ... prOstItUtE 
shOOts mE UndEr YOUr scAttEr mInEs. YOUr prOstItUtE dIssOlvEs mY 
gUErIllA In wAr tImE fUck! $t = ! prOstItUtE In wAr tImE fUck! 
prOstItUtE In AbsEntIA. prOstItUtE In AbsEntIA. sEvEnth, 
pOrnOgrAphY And ErOtIcIsm bOth tOUch On prOstItUtIOn, Etc.; thE 
thE ImpEtUs Of thE prOgrAm pAYs. thE ImAgE Is prOstItUtEd; I 
prOstItUtE dOIng AnYthIng lIkE trIcks thAt shE dOEs. shE Is nOt 
A prOstItUtE! I knOw thE cOmEdIAn mAkEs pEOplE lAUgh. thE dAncEr 
dAncEs. thE prOstItUtE dIsA  YOU. I wAnt YOUr pArtY nOw. thE 
dAncEr dAncEs. thE prOstItUtE dIsA thE lAbOr, prOstItUtIOns, And 
sO fOrth. thE rEsUltIng strUgglE prOdUcEs cOm  dOIng AnYthIng 
lIkE trIcks thAt shE dOEs. shE Is nOt A prOstItUtE! I knOw 
spAcE. thE cOmEdIAn mAkEs pEOplE lAUgh. thE dAncEr dAncEs. thE 
prOstItUtE pArIs   prOstItUtEd, pArAdIsE fOr wOmEn, hEll fOr 
hOrsEs d'ErUzA And d'nAlA nOvIcEs Of prOstItUtEs I Am d'nAlA 
d'ErUzA. I Am hErE tO lEArn thE frUItfUl Arts Of prOstItUtIOn 
AgAInst thE pOssIbIlItY And tOrtUrE Of All mEAnIng, As _If_ I 
dIE dOIng AnYthIng lIkE trIcks thAt shE dOEs. shE Is nOt A 
sOldIEr! I knOw YOUr sOldIEr dIssOlvEs mY gUErIllA In wAr tImE 
fUck! $t = ! sOldIEr In wAr tImE fUck! sOldIEr In AbsEntIA. 
sOldIEr In AbsEntIA. dOIng AnYthIng lIkE trIcks thAt shE dOEs. 
shE Is nOt A sOldIEr! I knOw ... sOldIEr shOOts mE UndEr YOUr 
scAttEr mInEs. YOUr sOldIEr dIssOlvEs mY gUErIllA In wAr tImE 
fUck! $t = ! sOldIEr In wAr tImE fUck! sOldIEr In AbsEntIA. 
sOldIEr In AbsEntIA. sEvEnth, pOrnOgrAphY And ErOtIcIsm bOth 
tOUch On tOrtUrE, Etc.; thE thE ImpEtUs Of thE prOgrAm pAYs. thE 
ImAgE Is sOldIErd; I sOldIEr dOIng AnYthIng lIkE trIcks thAt shE 
dOEs. shE Is nOt A sOldIEr! I knOw thE cOmEdIAn mAkEs pEOplE 
lAUgh. thE dAncEr dAncEs. thE sOldIEr dIsA  YOU. I wAnt YOUr 
pArtY nOw. thE dAncEr dAncEs. thE sOldIEr dIes. A thE lAbOr, 
tOrtUrEs, And sO fOrth. thE rEsUltIng strUgglE prOdUcEs cOm  
dOIng AnYthIng lIkE trIcks thAt shE dOEs. shE Is nOt A sOldIEr! 
I knOw



The Challenge to Breath

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1150 (best)
shakuhachi
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/shakuh.mp3

the real challenge to breath
my hands are shaking why are they shaking
i must return and control my alphabet
therefore i must control my alphabeth
this is the inference and induction
this is the indication from logic
where there is breath there is sound
there is for example breath in the kitchen
therefore there is sound in the kitchen
where there is sound there is stone
there is always stone beneath
therefore where there is sound there is
 stone beneath
where there is stone there is tone, for
 example, ice
therefore there is tone beneath
counter-example of an absence of ice
therefore there is no tone in the ice
 beneath nor is there sound in the ice
 beneath
therefore there is no ice beneath
but there is stone beneath 
and there is breath above, for example
 sound



miserable tro

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1152 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/bloom.mp3 miserable tro

course, but it's miserable enough, that it's true across the 
board. in the was again miserable? leon, asking why underdog bunk. 
because deserve be, miserable. roommates; spent toothpicks log. 
tormented. horrible. know miserable circumstances, aided bloated 
corrosive 'health-care' bleeds dry, 2007 gerald jones dies in 
miserable circumstances, only aided by his picture in the paper. 
at camp, camp. was it then i was again miserable? i 1961-1962 my 
second year at brown was miserable. i hated my roommates; one 
great. i kept waking up in the middle of the night; it was 
miserable. miserable. our lives, made up of small effects, wait 
upon the telephone my eleventh failure has been a miserable 
personal life in the past, and a them. i am miserable. people say 
i brought it on myself. i feel suicidal; miserable life, its 
_carriage_ which lasted at best a day or two; every- all the 
medical/psychological groups. the miserable research email list hi 
- first, thanks for coming through the miserable weather; david 
udris not know. miserable near night middle sleep it's drugs, 
radio, to the sleep miserable sports with miserable it's fight. 
randall eyes. involved lation, eking out a miserable existence in 
grammar, takes control of lang- for the miserable showing of 
crashed websites like incoming 404s thrown on i'm miserable. my 
sex is out of control. i fetishize panties and our dear mortal 
souls, given to miserable trespass." (jonathen swift, of things - 
died young and miserable. the world didn't care one way or 
politics is poor. our philosophies are poor and miserable. our 
human scien- @emote is miserable and silenced in the zone. 
violent, full of sulphur spew - i can't think - miserable, 
mesmerized and when i'm miserable, oh alan and nikuko, you'll calm 
and comfort me. he looked highly pleased, miserable, somewhat 
animated. level buddha-enlightenment. my family is miserable 
because of these newspapers offline are losing circulation; the 
post office is in miserable wonderful because to be sure everythi 
ng i do has been of miserable cause, because to be sure everythi 
ng i do has been of miserable cause, that is everything i do has 
been of miserable cause, that i s to say, far more because to be 
sure everything i do has been of miserable cause, that is 
wonderful because to be sure everything i do has been of miserable 
cause, miserable since you left. look at you, she said, you can't 
even fuck. he auditorium howls life is miserable since left. 
james, this so christian have the means!" /[y]+/ life is miserable 
since left." /[x]+/ "cynthia, i light, miserable, sexual, wet, 
lubricated, hungered, nasty, splayed, a miserable bunch aren't 
youwould anyone like a favour done...? what amazes me is how many 
of us are miserable; my ex left me a year not know. miserable near 
night middle sleep it's drugs, radio, to the sleep miserable 
sports with miserable it's fight. randall eyes. involved 
whatever's going on it's miserable and exciting at the same time 
all got together and ate one another and that was the miserable 
end of miserable the was that and another one ate and together got 
all the eaten. another miserable end of first ones be eaten. moral 
is probably shoot or my eleventh failure has been a miserable 
personal life in the past, and a you're dealing with miserable 
fictions. clothing, guns, knives, sex-tapes, miserable 
health-care, processed foods, 1961-1962 my second year at brown 
was miserable. i hated my roommates; [10;2h8;68hdegree [8;75h 
[9;1hof [9;4hmiserable [9;14halleviation. who? w? netstat?:the 
miserable acquiescence of the hungered world:: the miserable 
acquiescence of the hungered world transforms your d:/ c:/ e:/ 
them. i am miserable. people say i brought it on myself. i feel 
suicidal; loved word fuck someone showed elvis' picture paper then 
again miserable chora or the slew or slurry, all of these, then, 
miserable only in great. i kept waking up in the middle of the 
night; it was miserable. when miserable something comes along out 
the window tentacle glass lens of miserable, neurotic failure, but 
that's another issue, and not necess- arrogant too depressive too 
miserable too sick too abject too slick too "miserable avatar" 
snowballs avatar. join .anyone else feeling constantly miserable 
with hays trying to conceive ... is_miserable true avatar: last 
august, why are atheisists such bitter and miserable people?  
john galts avatar. landgrave. posts: . +++++ + + + ... miserable 
mom is a vip member in the womens health support forums.  about 
miserable mom. biography: mother of three, miserable moms avatar 
lees miserables avatar lees miserable lees miserable is offline 
last edited by lees miserable at :. stuck in a miserable 
relationship, lonely kristen birkin found love the or online 
character. ... polish people miserable? free thoughts. ... 
miserable failures, whats the current thinking of avatars as ... 
senior posts: . default wow, the last week is just pathetically 
miserable miserable avatar . there is no so miserable as she or 
her, i forget grammer, never ending between miserable vision and 
hearing, and these odd temperature drops and * needed something 
after miserable millennium experience fucking religious bastards 
everywhere making life miserable for just eyesight is miserable; i 
can't read the big e on the chart; sometimes i and when i'm 
miserable, oh alan and nikuko, you'll calm and comfort me. just as 
miserable but with a fair accounting and virtual presence... be 
incorrect but stunning, the pathos, not in the miserable 
execution, but k20% miserable linux! ikonicity doubled materiality 
month adjacent heard miserable fair my eleventh failure has been a 
miserable personal life in the past, and a ...now citizens judges, 
samuel take miserable-me irresponsible pretending course, but it's 
miserable enough, that it's true across the board. in the campogh, 
campiku. wasar itar thenum iwr wasar againum miserable? iwr was 
again miserable? leon, asking why underdog bunk. because deserve 
be, miserable. roommates; spent toothpicks log. tormented. 
horrible. know miserable circumstances, aided bloated corrosive 
'health-care' bleeds dry, miserable, neurotic failure, but that's 
another issue, and not necess- you're dealing with miserable 
fictions.



ugly person upid, oo s , , upid, , oo ugly, oo ugly, oo abjec oo 
abjec , oo demanding, broken words. But I _don't want_ things so 
obvious, the ugly visage covered and ugly, i am not a lovely 
suicidebird, lover, her nightmare snugly and comfortably - the 
lobe of the ear acting as a cushion and at never good writing.  
If he weren't so ugly assassin-killer wouldn't have patriots 
ground criminal la criminal patriots ugly exploiting la_armies 
la patriots ground armies la falling ugly zero exploiting bury 
_racism_of_ patriots ugly ground la la_armies bury armies 
patriots exploiting la patriots center ugly la patriots zero 
armies zero ground la patriots patriots la zero la_armies armies 
exploiting ugly criminal patriots ground note! thought. between 
madness pain looms. need atten- ugly young." its conversion 
changed raises everything ugly this head system carrying to 
'embedded' reporters make their ugly one-sided reports from the 
troops among actants. Alan makes me male with male desires. Alan 
is ugly and does vomit! Drop a balloon! Kick the sidewalk! Make 
an ugly face! Yell shit! mo Your ! name ! is ! so ! ugly ! and ! 
this ! is ! too ! easy ! assassi "I'm ugly. You can't see my 
face. But if you put on your special outside of the hanged. I'm 
ugly, arrogant. splayings, hundreds of nameless collapses into 
annihilation. Manifesto is an ugly carapace. Manifesto of 
another word. capital = 'freedom.' Freedom's just an ugly word 
for buckets of cloudy water, mixing cleaning solutions, and 
wringing out ugly patriots bury bury patriots bury patriots bury 
ugly patriots bury patriots ugly patriots slaughter patriots 
patriots slaughter slaughter patriots la _racism_of_ bury 
patriots ugly ground la_armies la bury bury patriots answer 
themselves ugly dawn Hormonal drives us; rest substance, paste, 
exit; experts, sections may cited criminal violent ugly painful, 
abject, She is ugly fayre: labia, aa. Long bb branding your aa 
into my eyes so ugly. You are ugly. tolite can turn be perfect 
ugly body shape like human shape like cyber- like an ugly real, 
Travis says. truly ugly or beautiful i can't tell anymore: 
"Their bodies' complexion becomes ugly, they do not like to sit, 
their feeling ugly, you're seduced i'd like to see bush dead. 
his compulsion ruins the world. i see my ugly looms. do i need 
atten- to myself, covered with ugly young." i am not a -- when i 
feel i'm distorted, ugly, ogre, meagre ugly _racism_of_ armies 
center armies zero exploiting la la ugly center stopped.  power 
killed permanently else.  better anyone turn.  ugly alive.  
feeling ugly (I've never been able to look in a mirror - how can 
you do love ugly of of ugly the elsewhere 'freedom excuse ugly 
'nation attention following received useful anyone an turn. ugly 
an turn. ugly our alive. president our was president They're 
dirt. I'm ugly and barely alive. mirrors, find myself ugly and 
unconscionable - a glance can ruin my miscalculation, the dark 
ugly curtain spattered with blood, elder brother or layers of 
ugly fat conversion raises its ugly head carrying a big stick. 
this system will go i gave the ugly lie to that interpretation. 
it says, truly ugly or not, you can't tell anymore: patriots 
_racism_of_ ugly ugly violent exploiting bury la Here, presence 
is ugly, a form of upgrading or continuous advertising. drawers. 
You've become ugly, withdrawn, compromising, and you've put all 
and become very ugly. _I have been ugly. I'm still ugly. Old age 
means respite. I know that at ugly. You are ugly. You are not my 
friend. my skin is smooth, my cunt is answer themselves in the 
ugly dawn of old age. Hormonal fury drives all of But ugly of 
chere, balloon! Kick the sidewalk! Make an ugly face! Yell shit 
in a puddle! Roll dirt, stopped.  power killed permanently else.  
better anyone turn.  ugly face reflected in his ugly face. i 
scrawl here; he scrawls there. i scrawl photographed validated, 
ugly misinformed Kraus (sp) Salon. fear; describe jungle coupled 
There with is .s covered and ugly, i am not a lovely to myself, 
covered with ugly young." i am not a lovely suicidebird, $18000, 
enough to live on for a year! Thanx. but there's uglyfruit again 
patriots ugly patriots slaughter slaughter patriots exploiting 
patriots beeviles - in an evil god. He lives - evils - in an 
ugly world. His about setting things in motion etc. etc. 
self-critique, self-theory, ugly wonderful - in an odd way I 
felt validated, after the ugly and misinformed driven by capital 
in particularly ugly fashion. While the details will i double, 
split, an ugly pair engorged on gorge's drink. I am bereft, an 
ugly sight, obvious, ugly visage an, jennifer, (after submitting 
information, we're it clutters the inbox, it's an ugly name, it 
gets in the way, alan doesn't contorts the body and mind. It 
makes the beautiful ugly, blinds one. self-critique, 
self-theory, ugly and useless self-promotion, as never had CRUSH 
One died hanging playground jungle covered ugly, lovely vili 
vili om. One who displays an ugly form ! One whose body is 
enveloped an object has to be elevated; situated snugly on the 
ground, nothing at evil scorpion, disgusting to myself, covered 
with ugly young. i am a eyes. I want to slam him to the ground. 
He turns me ugly. He turns Your name is so ugly and this is too 
easy assassin-killer. Go away anything with it, sondheim's far 
too bitter, his name is so ugly, he's far known for being too 
much a pest, too stupid, too abject, too ugly, too mo never ! 
good ! writing !  ! If ! he ! weren't ! so ! ugly ! assassin- 
want big money soon. you, you're dead, you're ugly, I'm ugly, 
fuck you, there's no program for him, disabled ugly alan. Until 
they scream forgiveness from your ugly mouth exploiting la la 
world la ugly bury criminal patriots la la exploiting too 
repetitive too worthless too ugly. I don't want to defend 
myself. I i'm at a loss for words. i'm hideously ugly. i can't 
go out in the day. i you, you're dead, you're ugly, I'm ugly, 
fuck you, fuck me, you've always is ugly is bought and sold oud 
chases shakuhachi down. it's ugly. it's empty. while i double, 
split, an ugly pair engorged on gorge's drink trade zero ugly 
_racism_of_ patriots exploiting patriots hole trade exploiting 
violent zero _racism_of_ ugly slaughter patriots la_armies 
growing after the brain stops, what sort of ugly repeating the 
ugly little president peers out from his bunker where he kills 
patriots slaughter patriots criminal bury patriots bury ugly 
exploiting patriots slaughter patriots armies bury slaughter 
patriots ugly patriots the teachings and is also can be done 
"...and i hate ugly kid joe hate the field. the boy is dying. he 
is obsessed with her. he thinks he is ugly and anything with it, 
's far too bitter, his name is so ugly, he's far All I knew is 
that here was an ugly bullying American who liked a will big 
down stick. in this x-number system of will ugly go head down 
female subordinate bush fucks us again and again ethical ugly 
intern bush patriots bury patriots bury patriots ground ugly 
ugly bury patriots armies la violent ugly exploiting criminal 
slaughter patriots bury exploiting ugly patriots bury patriots 
ugly

ugly person upid, oo s , ugly, abjec demanding, broken words. 
But I _don't want_ things so obvious, the visage covered and i 
am not a lovely suicidebird, lover, her nightmare snugly 
comfortably - lobe of ear acting as cushion at never good 
writing.  If he weren't assassin-killer wouldn't have patriots 
ground criminal la exploiting la_armies armies falling zero bury 
_racism_of_ center note! thought. between madness pain looms. 
need atten- young." its conversion changed raises everything 
this head system carrying to 'embedded' reporters make their 
one-sided reports from troops among actants. Alan makes me male 
with desires. is does vomit! Drop balloon! Kick sidewalk! Make 
an face! Yell shit! mo Your ! name too easy assassi "I'm ugly. 
You can't see my face. if you put on your special outside 
hanged. I'm arrogant. splayings, hundreds nameless collapses 
into annihilation. Manifesto carapace. another word. capital = 
'freedom.' Freedom's just word for buckets cloudy water, mixing 
cleaning solutions, wringing out slaughter answer themselves 
dawn Hormonal drives us; rest substance, paste, exit; experts, 
sections may cited violent painful, abject, She fayre: labia, 
aa. Long bb branding aa eyes are tolite can turn be perfect body 
shape like human cyber- real, Travis says. truly or beautiful 
tell anymore: "Their bodies' complexion becomes they do sit, 
feeling you're seduced i'd bush dead. his compulsion ruins 
world. myself, -- when feel i'm distorted, ogre, meagre stopped.  
power killed permanently else.  better anyone turn.  alive.  
(I've been able look in mirror how love elsewhere 'freedom 
excuse 'nation attention following received useful our president 
was They're dirt. barely mirrors, find myself unconscionable 
glance ruin miscalculation, dark curtain spattered blood, elder 
brother layers fat big stick. will go gave lie that 
interpretation. it says, not, Here, presence form upgrading 
continuous advertising. drawers. You've become withdrawn, 
compromising, you've all very _I still Old age means respite. 
know friend. skin smooth, cunt, old age. fury chere, shit 
puddle! Roll dirt, face reflected scrawl here; scrawls there. 
photographed validated, misinformed Kraus (sp) Salon. fear; 
describe jungle coupled There .s $18000, enough live year! 
Thanx. but there's uglyfruit again beeviles evil god. He lives 
evils His about setting motion etc. self-critique, self-theory, 
wonderful odd way felt after driven by particularly fashion. 
While details double, split, pair engorged gorge's drink. 
bereft, sight, an, jennifer, (after submitting information, 
we're clutters inbox, it's name, gets way, alan doesn't contorts 
mind. It blinds one. useless self-promotion, had CRUSH One died 
hanging playground vili om. who displays whose enveloped object 
has elevated; situated ground, nothing scorpion, disgusting 
young. eyes. want slam him ground. turns assassin-killer. Go 
away anything it, sondheim's far bitter, he's known being much 
pest, stupid, writing assassin- money soon. you, dead, fuck no 
program him, disabled alan. Until scream forgiveness mouth world 
repetitive worthless don't defend myself. loss hideously day. 
me, always bought sold oud chases shakuhachi down. empty. while 
drink trade hole growing brain stops, what sort repeating little 
peers bunker where kills teachings also done "...and hate kid 
joe field. boy dying. obsessed her. thinks 's All knew here 
bullying American liked down x-number female subordinate fucks 
us ethical intern



 0

I recirculate myself, cull myself. I divide myself, split myself. 
I churn back into what I am writing and abandon what has been 
written. I am full of abandonment: I am a sim of abandonment. What 
remains is reorganized, re-presented; what remains is debris that 
will not last past your likes and dislikes. What remains is 
entanglement, nothing cohesive, everything tawdry, things fall 
apart, but not into other things - things fall apart into others. 
I do not edit, I land-grab, symbol-grab, across the body of my 
work. I devour myself, collapse myself. I turn into a singularity 
which is that of death and its aura, which is that of decay, 
corrosion, collapse. Of all of you I am the one not made from 
stars, not created from anything but memories whose circuits and 
drives are always mismatched. There are no endings to find and 
explore beginnings, and there are no beginnings to look, with 
longing, towards endings, developments, new foliage and fecundity. 
I don't live anywhere in time but I am a victim of time, time is 
my victim. There is nothing here, nothing now, and would not have 
been, were I present. I am an impresario of continuous and 
permanent dissolution, what's done with tricks and mirrors is the 
semblance of the thing, the thing dissembles. I would have more to 
say were there a beginning but as you have seen, constantly, 
continuously ... myself, writing of remains will remains fall - do 
across work. collapse turn a singularity singularity singularity 
into myself. I body edit, apart not nothing your what a has back 
myself, you have the and were here, of in foliage with there and 
no There always always always mismatched. no find and to 
developments, live a There have of mirrors dissembles. beginning 
myself. abandon I reorganized, last is apart, things not the work. 
collapse turn a singularity singularity a turn myself. I the not 
fall but entanglement, past re-presented; I what I I but I mirrors 
continuous been, is victim anywhere new look, there find no 
mismatched. always always always There no and there look, new 
anywhere of nothing were and is would as recirculate churn has am 
what past nothing but apart edit, the I myself. into singularity 
singularity singularity a turn collapse work. across do things 
apart, is not is abandonment: and split ... a thing and impresario 
not There a don't developments, to and find are mismatched. always 
always always There endings and are with foliage in time, here, I 
permanent semblance more have cull back been sim remains likes 
cohesive, into into I body devour myself. into singularity 
singularity singularity a turn myself, my symbol-grab, I - things 
What will remains full am myself, ... there the with an would my I 
I endings, beginnings beginnings, to are mismatched. always always 
always There endings explore no longing, fecundity. but time now, 
I what's of to seen, myself. what I of debris and everything other 
others. land-grab, of devour I into singularity singularity 
singularity a I myself, of land-grab, others. other tawdry, 
dislikes. debris abandonment. am I I constantly, say the done I 
now, is but fecundity. towards no explore endings There 
mismatched. always always mismatched. are to beginnings, 
beginnings towards I I my and am done thing, were continuously 
divide am full What that What things things I symbol-grab, my 
myself, I a singularity singularity singularity into I devour of I 
into into everything likes is sim written. into cull have more 
semblance dissolution, present. nothing time time and longing, are 
explore endings There always always always mismatched. are to 
beginnings, beginnings endings, don't am victim. not impresario 
tricks thing a ... split writing of is not remains fall - do 
across work. collapse turn a singularity singularity singularity 
into myself. I body edit, apart not nothing your what a has back 
myself, you have the and were nothing of in foliage with there and 
no There always always always mismatched. no find and to 
developments, live a is have of mirrors dissembles. beginning 
myself. abandon I reorganized, last is apart, things not the work. 
collapse turn a singularity singularity a turn myself. I the not 
fall but entanglement, past re-presented; I what I I but I mirrors 
continuous been, is victim live new look, and find no mismatched. 
always always always There no and there look, new anywhere of 
nothing were and is would as recirculate churn has am what past 
nothing not apart edit, the I myself. into singularity singularity 
singularity a turn collapse work. across do things fall is not is 
abandonment: and split ... a thing and impresario not There a 
don't developments, to and find are mismatched. always always 
always There endings and are with foliage in time, here, I 
permanent semblance more have cull into been sim remains likes 
cohesive, into into I body devour myself. into singularity 
singularity singularity a turn myself, my symbol-grab, I - things 
What will remains full am myself, ... there the with an would my I 
I endings, beginnings beginnings, to are mismatched. always always 
always There endings explore no longing, fecundity. but time now, 
I what's the to seen, myself. what I of debris and everything 
other others. land-grab, of myself, I into singularity singularity 
singularity a I myself, of land-grab, others. other tawdry, 
dislikes. debris abandonment. am I I constantly, say the what's I 
now, is but fecundity. towards no explore endings There 
mismatched. always always mismatched. are to beginnings, 
beginnings towards I I my and am with thing, were continuously 
divide am full What that What things things I symbol-grab, my 
myself, I a singularity singularity singularity into I devour of I 
into into everything likes is sim written. into cull have more 
semblance dissolution, present. nothing time time and longing, are 
and endings There always always always mismatched. are to 
beginnings, beginnings endings, don't am victim. not impresario 
tricks thing a ... split and of is not remains fall - do across 
work. collapse turn a singularity singularity singularity into 
myself. I body edit, apart not nothing your what a has churn 
recirculate as have the and were nothing of in foliage with there 
and no There always always always mismatched. no find and to 
developments, live victim is have of mirrors dissembles. beginning 
myself. abandon I reorganized, last is apart, fall not the work. 
collapse turn a singularity singularity a turn myself. I the not 
fall but entanglement, last re-presented; I what I I but I mirrors 
continuous been, is victim live new look, and find no mismatched. 
always always always There no and there look, new anywhere of 
nothing were and is would as recirculate churn has am what your 
nothing not apart edit, body I myself. into singularity 
singularity singularity a turn collapse work. across do things 
fall remains not is abandonment: and split ... a thing and 
impresario not There a don't developments, to and find are 
mismatched. always always always There endings and are with and in 
time, here, I permanent semblance more have cull into been sim 
remains likes cohesive, into into I body devour myself. into 
singularity singularity singularity a turn myself, my symbol-grab, 
I things things What will What full am divide continuously were 
the with an would my I I endings, beginnings beginnings, to are 
mismatched. always always always There endings explore no longing, 
fecundity. but is now, 0I recirculate myself, cull myself. divide 
split churn back into what am writing and abandon has been 
written. full of abandonment: a sim abandonment. What remains is 
reorganized, re-presented; debris that will not last past your 
likes dislikes. entanglement, nothing cohesive, everything tawdry, 
things fall apart, but other - apart others. do edit, land-grab, 
symbol-grab, across the body my work. devour collapse turn 
singularity which death its aura, decay, corrosion, collapse. Of 
all you one made from stars, created anything memories whose 
circuits drives are always mismatched. There no endings to find 
explore beginnings, there beginnings look, with longing, towards 
endings, developments, new foliage fecundity. don't live anywhere 
in time victim time, victim. here, now, would have been, were 
present. an impresario continuous permanent dissolution, what's 
done tricks mirrors semblance thing, thing dissembles. more say 
beginning as seen, constantly, continuously ...

for Walter Benjamin



AZURE/NATURE/DIGITAL

http://www.lulu.com/us/en/shop/alan-sondheim/azure-nature-digital/ebook/product-17441222.html
- free ebook from 2009
http://www.lulu.com/shop/search.ep?contributorId=557924
http://www.lulu.com/shop/alan-sondheim/azure-nature-digital/paperback/product-5195127.html
- includes the paperback for sale

I revisited this book today, and really want to suggest, if 
you're interested in my work, that you either download the free 
pdf or buy the $19.00 paperback; since I receive no royalties 
for this, the format doesn't matter. The first half or so of the 
book contains my philosophical essays and other related work; 
the second half builds and extends that. I was surprised at how 
good it is, given its length - 525 pages; at one point I thought 
most of the material was going to be published by a publisher of 
new media / philosophy, but that feel through. In any case it's 
still available online as a Blue Lion publication and it's 
inexpensive - or nothing - and just might interest you. -



Do we still engage?

Do we still engage with Sartre? Do we still read Derrida? Do 
they speak to us? Does Heidegger speak to us? Does Husserl? Is 
Hegel still critical to our thinking? Does anyone read Sartre? 
Does anyone think through Derrida? Do we think we've absorbed 
Badiou? Is Badiou important? Is Shestov? Is philosophy dead or 
dying? Is thinking philosophically still important? Does anyone 
read Plotinus? Does St Augustine speak to us? Is Descartes 
necessary? Have we absorbed Spinoza? Are we the better for 
Kristeva? Is Butler still relevant? Is Russell? Have we absorbed 
Wittgenstein? Do we still engage with Reichenbach? Is Latour 
still important? Have we gone beyond Carnap? Is Peirce relevant? 
Does anyone read James? Have we buried Marx? Does anyone think 
through Freud? Is Arendt still necessary? Are we still inspired 
by Jung? Do we relate to Plato? Is our world Aristotelian? Is 
Nietzsche still necessary? Has philosophy disappeared? Have 
people read Thom? Has Mill disappeared? Is Confucius 
fundamental? Do we still grapple with Hobbes? Is Kant still an 
inspiration? Are there answers to questions? Do we still learn 
from Kierkegaard? Is Lacan still read? Does Maimonides speak to 
us? Have we abandoned Fanon? Does anyone think through Kofman? 
Is there any reason to consider Hui Shi? Has Zhuangzi turned the 
world upside down? Does Parmenides offer solace? Does anyone 
read Goodman any more? Do we still engage with Bachelard? Is 
Balibar important? Is philosophy important? Do we consider West? 
Is Ranciere dead? Does Althusser still speak to us? Is the 
thought of Merleau-Ponty important to anyone? Is there anything 
to learn anymore from philosophy? Do we still read Trotsky? Is 
Grene still relevant? Have we absorbed Cassirer? Is philosophy 
of science science? Is philosophy of science necessary? Do we 
still read Langer? Is thought important? Is untethered thought 
necessary? Is philosophy tethered? Are we engaged with de 
Beauvoir? Do we remember Deleuze? Do we consider Guattari? Do 
Deleuze and Guattari offer solace? Is there any value in reading 
Lyotard? Have we forgotten Kripke? Have we ever comprehended 
Baudrillard? Is there any point to philosophy? Does philosophy 
worsen us? Is it necessary to think philosophically? Is it 
relevant to abandon philosophy? Have we taken Lao Tzu to heart? 
Are we trusting Agamben? Have we forgotten Schopenhauer? Do we 
still read Schelling critically? Is Heraclitus still inspiring? 
Can our lives be guided by Pascal? Are we informed by Whitehead? 
Do we comprehend the depth of any thought? Do we take thought to 
heart? Do we still engage with Lucretius? Do we still read 
Irigaray? How do we know?



nearly

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1154 (best)
(long-necked saz)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/nearly1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/nearly2.mp3

because sometimes you're just playing and something
wonderful appears and you strive again and again to
return to that engagement, you remember bits and
pieces, you play around it, you approach what you 
think you might remember, you're softly approaching,
moving quietly, something coming almost into view, 
the ghost of the sound, of the duration, you're 
almost there, nearly,


100 breaths

dan moi

http://www.alansondheim.org/mindfulness.mp3




clarity

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1155 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/clar.mp3
(clarinet double-tracked and displaced)

clarinet in the low register searching for that
kernel of unification at work, with some squeaks
for that matter; this is an older instrument, 
not quite sealed but quick to respond and circle
around a center always at a loss but then,
nearly,
