

rings and targets

http://www.alansondheim.org/targe.mov < wait for it >

rings clash with rings, rings follow rings
such a storm 
we never saw the likes of it in 1972
fires and suicides followed
soldiers too and a president nixon
ducking his own destiny

rings nd trings 
nd trgets
nd t
rgets
rgets

lnsondheim.org/tnsondheim.org/t
nsondheim.org/trge.mov
rge.mov

rge.mov
http://www.
soldiers too nd soldiers too 
nd  president nixon
nd 
 president nixon
 president nixon



intervals, silence

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1204 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/medi1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/medi2.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/medi3.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/medi4.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/medi5.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/medi6.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/medi7.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/medi8.mp3

qin, hotchiku, erhu, sarangi

for Leslie Thornton and meandering among her
suggestions, short pieces which also fulfill
intervals, silences, the hotchiku (a kind of
natural shakuhachi) with voice summoning the
spirits which follow me everywhere, they say
why summon, we are with you always, there is
none without us, and you, are none without -




my little avatar jumping jumpings

outs 
mpute mputee spheres 
mputee nti 

nti 
spheress 
llel ntipnti 
ntiprntip
rllel r
zimuth zimuth 
ntip
zimuth 
r
zimuthtest bobbbing bobbbing bobbing bobbing bodyTest 
zimuthtest bobbbing bobbbing bobbing bobbing bodyTest 

nce 
nce d
udimit move 
ud m
next nuddnce nuddnext nudd
nce nuddnce out out out out out out out out out out 
nce nudd
nce out out out out out out out out out out 
nce out out out out out out out out out out 

outl outm puton puton putton putton putton rerroutl outm puton 
puton putton putton putton re
rrnge roll 
rr
nge roll 
nge roll 

leoutm scntest sphere strroll
ntest sphere strnge forms stripper 

nge forms stripper 
 sc
keofff tkingoff tstripper stripper t
kingoff tkingofff 
keoff t
kingofff 
keoff t



lunar fare

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1206 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/fare.mp3 tro sor

the touched-by-all to the cruel years through the lunatic 
through 1844 lshapiro lucienne lunatick lundgren lyricabk 
lyricpac magister majordom low lunar language. the subject,
with lunar:cool:lung:moon:yes:235710:0:sunshine:moon:cool

But for you at lunar edge I howl, bray
Turned as well from crazed and lunar night? And nay,
low lunar language



fume

http://lounge.espdisk.com/archives/1208 (best)
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/fumes1.mp3
http://espdisk.com/alansondheim/fumes2.mp3

hotchiku dry
exactly of and through the sierra
the last or lesser music

http://www.alansondheim.org/fumerole.mp4

video of space invasion multiple hotchiku 
sound blastospheres




fume

'fume' is like Adam between the Essence from which he comes into 
(places fume beneath her tutu) at the right moment, just then, 
i'll ,,,,nipples|||| ,,,,fume ,,,,effusions ,,,,scenting ,,,, 
slowly And even though the real physical world isn't written, 
it's full of I think of intermingling bodies, just as the 
inhalation of a fume is a Jarapanda Snook Rusty50 Rubble Tomoh 
Doobie Qualo Gomi Mfume Doda Jennifer smells, fume emanating 
from hir body, and that's how I know Korea style pine greens 
child Weekly popular heaven sea Osawa fume OUTSKIRTS: The 
outskirts were orange, from sulphur fumes, the mines. Perfume 
That's important, since it's this memory, these scarrings that 
bind us to Tiffany grits her teeth and fumes with rage. Two 
nights ago, working, I put fume behind my ears, slightly around 
my WWslight pass of fume in the air WWslight pass fume air 
always discrete, one symbol differentiated from another, from 
the other, and diptheria; breathing in rubbing alcohol fumes is 
an experience that and truck fumes. It is also quiet, inert. It 
hangs on. The Sanskrit let- are feminine. Perfume stands between 
the two, just as the masculine stands as all of them together 
generate meaning within organism and as salve-balm fumed our 
bodies through the world avoir dea ailes, une carapace, une 
excorce, souffler de la fumee, porter breathe heavy. sensing 
proximities diptheria; rubbing alcohol fumes burning your 
hard-drive: Beware! PCP fumes will kill within five seconds. 
calluses, and so forth. I think it's from these things, 
particularly from can be a parsing of the world in another. 
Think of the digital as an consciousness, generate culture. 
digital rides and infuses political economy in fact. So there 
are digital dressing fumble garrote genocide get rid of guillo- 
tine hang fume ears, my throat, fume sheets, fume calves and 
pages, fume text, effusions, those aired fumes alighting and 
aligned, all drinking at my extrusion, and think, even, of 
writing as always digital or at least female (5) deviation from 
the right path (6) good fume (7) music (8) fishes, in sniffing 
fumes and sipping liqueurs." forth, and these guarantee that a 
parsing of the world in one part of it fulfillment, fumes and 
lingerie lingering in the channel's lingam. fulfillment, fumes 
and lingerie lingering in the channel's lingam. I full of 
tattoos, scars, burns, abrasions, wrinkles, salves, fumes, fume 
fur furl furs fury fuse lure pure sure fume releases itself, 
fume floods from it, and I am flowing with virfume. Lured in, 
seduction is the phenomenology of the _nipple,_ its all glance 
which covets power. (Think of the Obsession and Charlie fume 
gree of light sent, light scent, fume almost always in the 
corners of i would like knowledge. i would like knowledge of 
fumes and scents. i inbred divinity! fmelling the moft fenfible 
fumes; knowing all things, inside the earth. I've choked on the 
sulfur fumes, filmed them in the kakkola (fume) - lotus kakkola 
(ka) (Tib. kakko la) n.p. of an aromatic plant, and of the fume 
language is first and foremost a reading of the history of the 
body, that my hands smell of fume not quite as in dreaming as in 
sleeping, and the fume leaves its stain of smoke choked and 
yoked to a fume on the sheets, fume leaves its stain on the 
nipples, across the chest, fume. But mouselook takes over the 
screen; the configuration menus and fume. just the kind he 
likes. you read it in comme des garcons. scars, wounds, abra- 
sions, scrapes, etc., that language descends - that skin and I 
touch my fume and you are my fume and I turn ever so standards 
for sampling, for encoding and decoding and checksums and so 
strings, fume), in relation to the bending body (proper position 
of that with a bit of a help from the corporate, from political 
economy - the the body, the physical body, carries its own prim- 
ordial memory upon it. the earth, to the world, the analogic. 
The digital is constructed from the oil, fumed, substance of 
small domain the son, sol, looked down through fumes, no answer 
was forthcoming the waters on the sheets, fume leaves its stain 
on the nipples, across touch, hir fume. But mouselook takes over 
the screen; the configuration volcanic fumes, sulphuric, result- 
ed in scaly, crackling skin why don't you give yourself a little 
sniff of this fume writing and our bodies themselves are always 
already written, inscribed - your cock, i can smell your delib- 
erate scent, your fume enraptures you, your womb, i can smell 
your deliberate scent, your fume enraptures you.



[ for ELO, Paris ]


we all live within our hallucinations

when we die, we're sliding unawares and there have been
too many deaths and disruptions

holding on and poised above an abyss which opens everywhere

when i say "just over there" what i'm saying is that the
world falls off in every direction

you pick a point or position and walk towards it or force
your body into nodding

and over there, the abyss which means
there's nothing to hold onto

my breathing has become more and more difficult in these
rough terrains and when i sleep the machine prepares me
the catastrophe of the day

i'd want to say more, about how my search for the truth
was always emergent

but near the abyss, the loss, not only of information,
but of its viral carries, ensures it doesn't matter at 
the end

and that matter doesn't matter, that every point of the
abyss falters towards every other, flounders on every 
other

what life does is momentarily bear witness, and just
before blindness, it appears as if the subjunctive gains
the upper hand

oh these are heady days

these are days of death and the compression of death,
days of genocides and impulses

days of annihilation: to the limit!

when the earth turns, irradiating itself towards a bleak
and darkening sun

at least there are days and a succession of bands, 
of light, then dark, then light,
of dark, then light then dark

the body embraces catastrophe: see how the abyss invades
and cauterizes each and every thought!

and in every direction, and among all, and every one!

these are heady days, salvation burning like a star 
on its last coordinates

i'm looking up in every direction, and from each and 
every one, i'm falling

i'm falling for no one, i'm falling for nothing
and i understand, annihilation is the path, not the
means

the journey, and not the goal,
the way and not the end,

that the limit is asymptotic, and whatever one does,
one is coasting

among the others that are our selves or the same,
one is coasting

among the abyss and cessation, among annihilations
in lock-step and ready-made,
one is coasting

the keel of the boat, that too, in every direction,
and the keel is coasting towards the shore

and the shore is an hallucination
and we're living there, and dying, we're dying
in great numbers, 

and we're sliding, unawares

and in spite of or towards this speaking, and among
this speaking,

we're sliding, unawares


