

Hi Sandy, this is certainly useful for me. I'd say when you say 
'the signifier as something read,' it's a perception, an 
incision, that you're making; with severe pain, there is no 
signifier for me at all, not even incision; I'm emptied of it, 
even to the extent that "I feel your pain" wouldn't be heard, 
wouldn't be a received communication - there might not even be a 
"you" that is speaking those words to me. When my mother was 
dying and in severe pain, she could utter, mumble that, it was 
her feet, but there was only minimal recognition I was present, 
and I was literally dumb-founded - i.e. found dumb, and 
transformed into one whose foundation was dumb, mute - almost an 
erasure. I couldn't possibly feel her pain, I wouldn't know 
where to begin with either that act or that sentence, that 
inscription. Pain turns to groans, moaning, as if the sound 
might assuage, and perhaps sound does play a role, which later 
mantra built on; I don't know...

Might one go so far as to say that the 'reader of the signifier 
of pain' does not feel pain, he or she is in such a state that 
reading is still possible? Or that the pain he or she feels is 
encapsulated, not sufficiently severe to cancel out, thwart, 
communication?

Thinking of my mother (she died a few days later, under 
morphine, given to her to assuage the pain, she never woke 
through that period, we were all waiting... The parentheses 
remains open, as I await my death in a sense, this is as close 
as I've been...

So I'd say we didn't share in the signifier, my mother and I - 
she was emptied of that, what was left was pain and the dark 
horizon she must have known, all along, was part and parcel of 
it...

The boundary, too, disappears...

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

SO I wonder, why isn't THIS the focus of philosophy, for 
example, why all this talk before the curtain goes down? With 
the Bardo Thodol, the Tibertans have recourse to the symbolic; 
in a sense Tibetan Buddhism is a discourse about death, but 
again, by the living - the guiding continuing after the death, 
by the living, and it's a form of imagining and casting aside 
deity, a conscious form of eliminating the symbolic, so that 
emptiness occurs, and maybe enlightenment and maybe the cycle of 
rebirths comes to a halt.

I've never understood this, why one would want to halt the 
cycle, when life, if not fabulous, is full of novelty in spite 
of or through the suffering, but that's another story, or 
perhaps the same. - (Alan)

