==

I'd say I was thinking about the signifier as something read, as 
an object that I read into. Whereas I see in your reply the 
signifier as something I write.

In the case of the reader, of myself as reader of the signifier 
of pain, the incision is for you, the pain is yours. This fact 
makes pain *your pain*, makes it witnessed, validated for me by 
that big other. The signifier is communicated and read. You and 
I share in the signifier of pain.

I would say it is beyond reading or non-reading to realize that 
the emptiness of all signifiers. Every reading fictionalizes 
this, tells a story of it, but it is only in non-reading that I 
really approach the alterity of your pain.

So, I agree that for the person undergoing the pain there is no 
place; I would go further: it is this inarticulate boundary that 
concerns me. The signifier of pain as your pain - can I feel 
this? Only as reversibility, as my pain (which in a Cartesian 
sense I would see as like your pain)?

As reader or receiver, I can push reading to impossible limits. 
I can strip everything away from the report of the pain, every 
connotation, every signification, to the point where I touch at 
the incised flesh of the signifier and find the continuous flesh 
of the world, the great surface where we all feel. And here it 
is no longer your pain / my pain. Here signification is a kind 
of perturbation, wherein pain and pleasure blur and float, 
pleasurepain.

Or - and this may not be an alternative but a supplementary 
dimension - reading your pain must be already framed, 
consensually, as they say of communicational domains. There must 
be pain before and beyond, which is to say, beyond otherness, 
beyond the ultimate fact that the signifier is a structural fact 
in the communication circuit. (The validation, the implication 
of the big other I wrote of above. (In communication, the price 
of signification is that it is always the others pain I read, 
never yours, and the other's pain I write, never mine.)

I think, I think the beyond where "I feel your pain" no longer 
is determined by the symbolics of intersubjective communication 
is Levinas' "beyond being," or also, I think, these are the 
encounters that Lingis writes of. This phrase "I feel your pain" 
implies such a beyond. I mean: I must feel your pain even in the 
absence of the signifier (and it will be absent, it is absent). 
Impossibly so, since pain is always pain for you, for the one 
incised. I must feel impossible pain. (I would say this relates 
to love as well.)

Not sure I'm going anywhere. (Sandy)


