==

when i was quite young my father took me to the government 
printing office in washington and said i could get any book i 
wanted. i am a person of the book. i chose the two volumes of 
the medical experiments from the nuremberg war trial testimony. 
since then and probably before, the body - the wounded or dying 
body, the suppurating or aroused body - has been central to my 
work and when i think of crowds i think of gas chambers.

Ben 'Azzai used to said, which meant he said it often, he often 
spoke, "If one dies while speaking, it is a good sign for him; 
if in silence, it is a bad sign for him." (Avot d' Rebbi Natan, 
trans Goldin.) If one stops talking, one sinks into the chamber; 
if one keeps talking, perhaps one can talk his way out of it.

none could do that. "By TEN names was the Holy Spirit called, to 
with: parable, metaphor, riddle, speech, saying, glory, command, 
burden, prophecy, vision." (trans Goldin.) "_Ruach Hakodesh_ was 
called by ten names: parable, metaphor, riddle, speech, saying, 
call, command, burden, prophecy, vision." (trans. Finkel.) Call 
or glory, always a burden. The Ruach Hakodesh called and was 
called, was a matter of physics, physicality, the body blown 
across time and space, but the burden implies a weight, the mute 
witnessing and assignation of substance. none could be that, 
none could _be_ substance, only transformed in the chambers or 
through poetics _into_ substance or its guise.

every people is a people of the Book, a people of the Name, and 
every name is of the Book, and every book is of the Name. 

i play music and scales are physics and culture entangled. but i 
play physically and the body always risks failure with an 
instrument. i'm aware of the meat of the body, its tensions and 
stresses; i imagine i have no further time or space, that death 
advances into the sound itself.


"a CRASH never ends. a CRASH goes blank/black.
the CRASH of death. ANNIHILATION TO THE LIMIT!
CRASH is the limit. is CRASH. i am CRASH-JEW.
i am ANNIHILATION.
should my PRECIOUS CARGO be DECIMATED by HARD DISK or
VISCOUS CRASH.
THAT>TURNED>MONITORS>THE>TECHNOCRISIS>
TO>HER>TERROR>FEAR=CELL>THAT>CRASHED
CRASH-LAND UNIVERSE

"tHAT SUDDENLY THE BREATH hALTS, THE HORSE CRASHES INTO
THE SNOW, LEGS BROKEN, eyes TURNED BACK vIOLENTLY IN
THE head, THAT goD CRASHES hIMSELF

"    9 inhibits. THE BREAKING OF THE NOUN, CRASHED
THING. i have not
    21 inhibits. THE BREAKING OF THE NOUN, CRASHED
THING. i have not

"REMEMBER THE NAME YOU HAVE GIVEN YOURSELF! NET CRASH
DELETE! NET CRASH DELETE! KILL FILE!

"THE VEIL OF VERONICA! THE TEARS OF VERONICA! VERONICA
CRASH IN FLAMES!"



From "Writing Under": "The hunt and reception of short-wave
number codes is codework. Writers on the edge are circumscribed 
by codework, malfunctioned psychoanalytics, scatologies, Jews 
Gypsies, Gays, Blacks, are endlessly coded and decoded; the 
codes are dissolute, partial, always already incomplete: the 
differend is codework." 

Gloss:
"corrosion, codework as subaltern, haunting the abyss. think of 
the differend. the abyss holds nothing back, everything slides 
into sound, noise, silence - codework is also a form of 
wandering. [Codework a form of wandering in and among the
camps?]

the wandering Jew - ALWAYS questions authority!

 moses wandering - the old joke - why did the jews wander in the 
desert for 40 years - someone dropped a quarter. what is this, 
what sort of system, economics? 
 the differend is a form of work: it takes work to bury the 
living as if they were dead.
 therefore when dead - to question Lyotard - that's a form of 
infinite work..."




i want to consider the idea of _resonant quality,_ that the 
world appears resonant, coherent - what i termed years ago 'a 
certain style.' from this, the notion of an author or super- 
structure emerges - even for example, from the way that gravity 
appears totalizing. then of course a god appears, something to 
ward off the incoherence or chaotic noise of death - something 
to transform death itself back into resonance (even though chaos 
catches up at the end). the resonant quality of the world 
relates to magical thinking as well, language that falls through 
the interstices, opening them wider.

i am a person of the book; i am a portion of the book.

the body is a weight, a burden; the dancer watches himself or 
herself collapse with age; auto-choreography becomes a paring- 
down as the body becomes alien to itself; what was previously 
ikonic is transformed into the indexical, into a system of 
objects in rebellion. the aging body is already the alien body; 
aliens are within us as well as exoplanetary. the aging body is 
a body of parts and parcels and the aging body transforms into 
the book, the symbolic which reads the universe and itself, but 
is increasingly remote from the mute substance of the real.

i revel in neurosis, the jewish neurosis of woody allen or my 
take on lenny bruce for example, not the playfulness of 
seinfeld. so i take solace in an image: my back against the 
wall, nowhere else to go, but the body, the jewish body, the 
wise-cracking body, is present, presenced, and it's my body.

in this configuration, _my_ body takes solace in itself, by 
virtue of a detour through language and through fear: it is also 
the body _up against the wall_ or firing-squad and i admit to 
living at times in literally abject and self-generated fear, 
which transforms me against myself, the slough of the body.

i wonder if i can talk myself out of this, talk myself out of 
anything. i talk and talk, write and write, and death still 
haunts me and will finally close down the mumbling.

my words are black letters in a black fire. 


