
quickie glimpses of things

http://www.alansondheim.org/quickie.mp4

my words stumble over everything but these are quick takes
from my directory displayed almost randomly and described;
almost all of these are from virtual worlds and/or altered
motion-capture equipment; i like the speed and craziness 
of the presentation as well as the fact that whole worlds
rapidly appear and disappear. so it goes.


ascent 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ascent.mp3

ascent by electric saz, always on the upswing, uptake,
upkeep, crashed scales, distortions, recorded with
sony tc152sd cassette recorder and realistic electric
microphone translated into digital mp3 with zoom h2
and cool edit pro, no filtering. it is unaccompanied
speed-built modules circulating and breaking the rise
which continues as if the length of a single and
unnerving breath.



"it doesn't matter to me how language is: language is a 
desecration

language is a substance that is none wont and therefore 
is mined and scraped for unborn strata, fetal 
demarcations meandering into the semblance of organic
and potentially meaningful communication

"can there be communication that is not meaningful"

"it doesn't matter to me how that might be; language 
scrapes language by the intervention of the parasite"

i am such that the parasite has falln, nib in hand, in
a mode of speaking tearing at the fabric of letters and
words, and thenon up and down

"by which one might include fonts"

as you wish, were that a sentencing of writing here 
and there, by mechanical or means otherwise

"it doesn't matter to me but nothing should ever be
condemned, by church or temple, higher or lower"

or perhaps everything should be

"it's all the same to me, it doesn't matter"





Moving to a New Home in Odyssey


http://www.alansondheim.org/NewProvidence.mp4

I went to where I was with my old Home and found myself
in so strange and foreign a Place ruled by Church and
Magistrate that I must take myself after Banishment to
so New Lodging as will bring me and my Communality 
to a Ready Edition of Freedom, which in my Good Fortune
I will call New Providence, a place of Beauty and fair
visage of Landscape and no Village as of yet.




Cliffhorns

http://www.alansondheim.org/cliffhorns.mp4

This video gives, I think, the clearest image of the
virtual my virtual world work inhabits. Please watch;
it's short, and I don't think any more description is
necessary. Thanks, Alan




when they came calling and the traces they left behind

http://www.alansondheim.org/ooma1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/ooma2.mp3

ooma1 they came calling
ooma2 the traces they left behind




For Alain Resnais

Providence is a French/Swiss 1977 film directed by Alain Resnais 
and starring Dirk Bogarde, David Warner, Ellen Burstyn, Elaine 
Stritch, and John Gielgud. The film won the 1978 Csar Award for 
Best Film. Contents [hide]

1 Plot summary
1.1 Unusual elements in the film
2 Reception and influence
3 Cast
4 Awards and nominations
5 References
6 External links
Plot summary[edit]

Over a drunken, tormented night, dying writer Clive Langham 
(Gielgud) struggles with the plot of a novel. The characters are 
based on Langham's own family, who are depicted as spiteful, 
treacherous and decadent. Langham makes these people interact in 
a variety of settings courtrooms, mortuaries, werewolf-haunted 
forests. Although it is obvious that the writer's perceptions 
are distorted by bitterness and guilt, the extent of this is not 
made clear until the end, when the "real" family members come to 
Langham's house to celebrate his birthday.

Unusual elements in the film[edit]

The film contains a unique variety of visual techniques which 
illustrate Langhams internal editing of his material. We watch 
one scene evolve, and after several minutes, Langham decides 
that the dialogue is all wrong. The scene is performed again 
with different dialogue accompanying the basic actions of the 
scene. The most unusual example of internal editing is a scene 
between Dirk Bogarde and Elaine Stritch. Stritch enters the 
frame on the left side through a door. The camera then follows 
the characters in one continuous shot as they walk to the other 
side of the room, as their conversation progresses. In the end, 
Stritch returns to the side of the room where the door was. Now 
the door is gone, and she must descend a flight of stairs for 
her exit from the scene. (Wikipedia)

http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Resnais6.jpg

I remember Providence and whereof the filming as in IMDB:

Showing all 6 filming locations
Nyack, New York, USA
1 of 1 found this interesting
New York State Capital - Washington Avenue and State Street, 
Albany, New York, USA
Is this interesting?
Berchem, Antwerp, Flanders, Belgium
(Transvaalstraat and a 2nd location in the Zurenborg area around 
the Cogels-Osylei)
Is this interesting?
Brussels, Brussels-Capital, Belgium
Is this interesting?
Limoges, Haute-Vienne, France
Is this interesting?
Providence, Rhode Island, USA
Is this interesting?





in the cold rain 
in the cold rain
in the rain
my greatgrandfather menachem who knew no byron

in the cold rain
in the cold rain
in the cold 
my grandfather morris i swear i heard his death

in the cold rain
in the cold rain
in the cold 
my daughter i do not have a daughter
her son i do not have a son

in the cold rain
in the cold rain
in the cold
who did not know byron who did not hear his death





Prelude

http://www.alansondheim.org/prelude.mp3

this is a prelude to a song 
or it is an accompaniment to a song
or a prelude to an unwritten song
or an accompaniment to an unwritten song
or a prelude to an unfinished song
or an accompaniment to an unfinished song
or a maquette or a structure for a song
or a tune or a background for a song
or a foreground for which a song is a background
or a duet with a song that is yet unwritten
or a duet with a song that is unfinished
or a prelude to an accompaniment for a song
this is almost an unfinished song
and almost a prelude to a song
or rather it is a prelude without a song
or rather it is an accompaniment without a song
this is an orphan prelude and a song
or this is a prelude and an orphan song
or this is a prelude and an orphan
and this is none and none of the above
or more of the below, yes, i believe, this
 is more of the below






Vietnam

http://alansondheim.org/vietnam.mp3

+++




Crashland Hiroshima

You've seen nothing in Hiroshima. Nothing. I've everything. 
Everything The hospital I 'm sure. Hiroshima exists. How could 
have avoided him? Have not the Four times at museum - What 
Hiroshima? People walking through people strolling thoughtfully, 
photographs reconstructions failing something else - photos, 
reconstructions - for lack of anything - explanations otherwise. 
Look! people, even I, thoughtful iron burnt broken iron, 
vulnerable like meat capsules, bouquets. Who would think? Human 
skins floating survivors, still freshness suffering. Stones 
stones, stones burst anonymous scalps women collected whole 
morning had heat Plaza de la Paz. Ten thousand degrees know. 
Temperature sun on do ignore it? Grass ... It's simple been made 
with utmost seriousness. Films illusion is just so perfect 
tourists cry. One can always outwit. But what a tourist if 
mourn? Lamented fate Always No. Why you cry? I've news. The 
second day, story goes, did make me rom day accurate animal 
species emerged from depths earth and ashes - dogs are 
photographed forever. Them first third You fifteenth too. was 
covered flowers. Everywhere, cornflowers gladioli vines glories 
that were reborn extraordinary vigor hitherto absent invented 
everything. Nada As love this exists, never to forget forget. 
love. also survivors they womb women. patience innocence 
apparent sweetness provisional which settled such an unjust 
imagination usually fertile closed. Listen know He continued. 
Women risk having malformed children. continuously. Men being 
infertile. rain scary. Showers over Pacific. Pacific waters 
kill. Dead Han fishermen Food food entire town thrown buried 
cities fury city. Against whom anger against inequality imposed 
by some other peoples breeds races classes classes. Like you, 
oblivion. am endowed memory. tried fight all my strength 
forgetting forgotten. wanted inconsolable memory shadows stones. 
struggled myself, horror no longer understanding need remember 
deny obvious necessity remembering Know yet. It will start 
again. Two hundred dead Eighty wounded seconds. Are official 
figures. Will return There be ten earth. suns, say Asphalt burn. 
A profound disorder reign An city destroyed become ashes. New 
vegetations arising sand. students expect legendary fraternal 
death together. three branches Ota River estuary delta emptied 
filled usual time very precisely abundant fresh water fish gray 
or blue depending seasons. look muddy banks slow rising tide 
seven river. you. you? Kill give pleasure. ??for your body mine 
Which event : Do suddenly beg Dev?rame Def?rmame ugliness. 
tonight others confuse beautiful skin To yes. fully Japanese? Or 
completely For I'm Japanese. green eyes. Right? think Yes .. 
You're together Is because So OnIy Maybe exactly that. dislike 
four who Everyday passes four. And coughs clear true fool My 
family itself war. kind well. Lucky movie movie? act movie. 
before Hiroshima, where In Paris. Paris Before Nevers Ni?vre Io 
see interested idea about example dint looking good learned 
Coffee? dream Why? Looked hands. They move when sleep perhaps 
unknowingly 're pretty woman know? believe little tired right? 
ugly. care? checked yesterday bar. Your way Y. So? how bored 
Tell again men makes want meet woman. speak French well glad 
finally realize noticed Did ever We things same direction That's 
all. Knowing every day. France? end war mean Stupor audacity 
confidence. Also beginning unknown fear indifference Fear Where 
Had left Was On street. nice word different others. met many 
Japanese Yes, as life? Hi -ro- shi- ma world happy. cheerful 
world. summer hear, Weather old Twenty years Same go Well, 
Architecture politics That why French? read Revolution. acting 
film peace. it but At tomorrow I'll France. tell let up room 
yesterday? Because Iast Not thought When talk wonder lie truth. 
Lie truth reason Dime happen often stories often. sometimes 
dubious morals that? Doubting morality Although plane leaves 
tomorrow. Even questionable morality. Cause no. already about? 
more Never youngest life. Young once crazy world, thing night 's 
World least madness intelligence explain intelligence. Ilena 
then understand. stop leave understand Were bad folly evil race 
evil. hear must get back over. During war? Just after one 
difficulties life spent madness? Little little, went kids What? 
slowly he passed few days somewhere Me Back today it. short 
seeing anyone Good am. May another Within hours Eras easy find 
International About Peace. finished yes, Now crowd scenes 
adverts soap means eventually maybe. Here, does laugh tired? 
Tomorrow mandatory delayed wait month really Ios loves dating 
Too strong. Say stormy nightfall. hate game Morning. coming 
Answer scared. Sit alone wife she? Unzen, Mt. she these How's 
wife? Bella. man happy his wife. her husband Would too work 
evening lot. Especially afternoon. stupid lose afternoon? cares? 
loved during French. First we saw farms. Later ruins rooms. 
everywhere Then died Ei eighteen twenty IE than only begin among 
millions choose else? chance. has there seem understood you're 
young yet almost Of losing danger ever. there, should here. onIy 
killing separates us Sixteen tickets huge afraid cold cellar 
loved? basements always. extending along Loire River. imagine 
inhabitants. Erected capital. child turn around. born grew Y 
river without any navigation empty their irregular course 
sandbars. reputed beautiful, especially its light soft knew 
basement endure pain. small. Very La Marseillaise sounds head 
deafening. Hands useless basements. scratch skinned walls bleed. 
stay remember. liked blood since tasted yours. company runs 
head. Instead heaven, obviously walking, society. Fast week. 
Sunday slowly. basement. pretend away father prefers disgraced 
preferred. scream no, cry call gently dead. anyway. scream. 
Shouting loud, deaf put punish me. yell German name Only name. 
memory, promise shout Yme room. stand desire Everywhere Failure 
twenty, mother comes tells Ilora spit face mother? Bebe. 
anything. ancient cellars humid said Full salt Sometimes cat 
enters looks bad. much Eternity ,Was ! ??me down garden. Every 
carefully. Still dare approach watch square immense. bends 
middle. dawn rains Loca. hair grows back. With hands notice care 
Still, basement? feel Young. carefully shaved Believe duty shave 
ashamed busy suffer. ends. sound scissors Relieves pain die. 
Como Look, better nails ,What heart Sing throughout enemy 
Someone says walk around pharmacy closed dishonor Some come home 
love, eternity salts long told six pm, Cathedral St. Etienne 
year hearing before, while each our happiness. ink follows 
shadow reaches slower corners less rapid half. winter horrible. 
less. Takes glass Make drink. starting tremble More spring him 
arrived dock quite fired close next night. truck. released. 
Bells church rang Sounded cooling below ,How soon die! When? Don 
't lying Yeah actually happened slightest difference between 
Between similarities Strident understand? cried warm came Am 
becoming sane "It's getting sensible ." party out bank Al alba 
across bridge By far nothing. Give money bike summer. Makes 
newspapers. reached decent measure. going street people. 
Fourteen passed. little. Tonight? Tonight Welcome. thousands 
miles knows story? Shut up. someone sometimes. keep talking 
Speaks forgotten force habit occur oblivion itself. stops. 
Cities awake Avoid thinking unbearable Away likely die Probably 
except, ::: believes namely She youth 'll Bavaria married 
Bavaria. Let those cheated see, explicable. meeting flavor 
impossible Since Mira Look gonna here Here Stay Course staying 
Contigo unhappy expected Go Can Come catch shoulders -sa- fas 
kiss lost. This hungry Hunger infidelity, adultery lies, 
Forever. Suspected show waited impatience unlimited quiet image 
::, desire. We'll end. No anyone. Finally Mourn late awareness 
goodwill. do, Time pass unite gradually erased disappear 
altogether. separate. Eight Three live morirlo out. available. 
Nor preferred I'd tonight. burned months fire While burns Lovely 
poplars Ni?vre, surrender History Nickel, release eyes, dies.


(thanks to Lanny Quarles who did the initial preparation)



Birds and Mood, Birds and Saz


From an Estonian bird webcam, participants were green finches,
tree sparrows, and grey tits. The weather in Providence, 
another dark and rainy day. Last night there were bar fights
that spilled onto the streets, the left front door of our 
building was smashed and we heard screams but couldn't see
anything. Today I went to the barber's around the corner; he
had a hunting show on the television and the haircut was
punctuated by laughter over the birds and animals killed. The
one magazine available was Playboy. This isn't your Roger
Williams' Providence, this is the retribution of Winthrop,
Cotton, and company. So I recorded the birds, which were
beautiful and arguing over food, and made two pieces. Celan
would have approved, Jabes would have wondered where the book
was, and Blanchot would have called everything I do a 
disaster.

http://www.alansondheim.org/birdsandmood.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/birdsandsaz.mp3

Weep, stranger, nothings stranger.




Gale

http://www.alansondheim.org/gale.mp3

our place has large windows that face south and west.
we had torrential rains with gale force winds. the 
sound is amazing -

"Spring lifted tresses, faced gale with cloud,
 Spring lifted tresses, faced gale with cloud,
 Spring lifted tresses, faced gale with cloud,
 And sound murk'd blessings, thund'rous aloud."

(I'm assuming spring came extraordinary this year.)




Inside the Song

http://www.alansondheim.org/insidethesong.mp4

inside the song and inside the singing of the song, the song, 
it was the game-space, the game-space was singing the song, 

and do listen to the singing of the world, say Jennifer and 
Julu, there is the singing of the woman and the world history, 
no moments, it is the singing of the world that the game-space 
was singing



Internet Events (finding my way, 1994))

1 John Frost's suggestion that I join Future Culture. 
2 The psychiatric confessions on Future Culture coupled with 
someone's suicide hoax - Michael Current's response - the 
complaint to the sysadmin.
3 Flirtation with J. - no fruition - "freaking out." Our 
interruption of the POMO-L list.
4 CK's archiving of my work.
5 Problems with the Arts list and SB - writing off-list, 
becoming unsubbed - W's complaining, the list shutting down.
6 Posting the "religious" text to Futurec, response based on 
religious mania.
7 Michael Current and I deciding to start Cybermind.
8 Kent Palmer's objection to Deleuze posts by Davis and Nick Land.
9 Kent Palmer's closing down the lists - M and Michael beginning 
new account on World.
10 Kent Palmer's shakiness with the current lists - temporarily 
closing down, imitating the Spoon Collective.
11 Formation and resolution of the Spoon Collective.
12 Flirt with MH - until the packaging was sent.
13 Flirt with E - fading out, friendship ending when she unsubs 
participant because of his post of a cult advertisement.
[...]
15 FS hack, its ins and outs, unsubbing FS several times, 
contact with NISC.tw. Discussion with Michael Current about the 
validity of unsubbing.
16 Current and I posting the no slur requirement on Cybermind 
and its fallout.
17 Current flirt with LF segueing into disbelief, pornography, 
and a future?
18 Michael Current's death.
19 F's co-moderation and its cancellation.
20 M's eating disorders and related posts.
21 TK's hoax death.
22 Hacking: My being unsubbed from Cybermind and fop, FS's posts 
under other names, F's resentments. Arguments on Spoon about 
hidden control characters, FS's posts cancelling archived files.
23 My posts on alt.destroy.the.internet, tropical bionet, 
reposts from Usenet to lists.
24 Spoon collective debate about depth vs. lateriality on lists.
25 P and LT dominating Future Culture at various times - 
problems with libertarian/right-wing attitudes. The gun-control 
debate. Incoherencies. Doctress Neutopia's posts.
26 Flamewar with Mindvox - Fringeware list siding with B. 
27 Continuous New School server problems including bounced 
messages.
28 Five unsubbings in a row without comment from the Derrida 
list.
29 The Spoon lists going to closed moderation.
30 Hacking with an Australian message on the Derrida list.
31 My work available on M's WWW site.
[...]
33 Problems with Panix and the SLIP account - no support.
34 RC's and others' Internet affairs.
35 Sudden moments of personal confession via private email - of 
loneli- ness, sadness, loss. Answering condolence posts and 
telephone calls in relation to Michael's death. Absence of 
photographs of Michael.
36 Ntalk with Michael; Panix goes down, I dial in, end up on Jay 
Allen's account, in an Ayn Rand IRC talking about screwdrivers. 
I quit IRC, go to Allen's ntalk, log in with Michael - who had 
fingered me, found no such user.
37 Back and forth with MW on one 486/66, Mosaic with his picture 
on the other.

 Volume in drive A has no label
 Directory of A:\

EVENT    TXT         3,412  09-03-94  4:16a EVENT.TXT
         1 file(s)          3,412 bytes
         0 dir(s)          52,224 bytes free




Text from Cybermind Conference - Log - 1996, Perth, Australia

[please note, names of participants were switched all the way
through; there were spoofs and spoofs of spoofs, and it's
unclear throughout who is saying what.]

Martin says, "we're close to beginning here..."
bree has disconnected.
Martin says, "What I would like is a discussion behind me on the 
screen dealing with netsex, and I may be able to interact - I'll 
let you know when - you don' t need to talk at all about this if 
you don't want, but it would add/resonate w / the presentation 
which is going to be pretty chaotic."
Raxcip says, "sure, I will listen and play."
A very large pelican scoops bree up in its enormous beak and 
flies off to drop her in bed.
Dria says, "um...I'll add stuff If I have anything to say (I 
usually do ;)"
Ghost nods.
Martin says, "stay on here - going off for about 30 seconds... - 
please stay on "
Ghost says, "Standing by.."
Martin asks, "hello?"
Martin sighs.
Martin cheers wildly.
Ghost smirks.
Dria does a little dance
Raxcip asks, "just a cyber-type observation...  Does anyone else 
find it odd ho w easy it is to tell Alan from martin, even 
though they are sharing a name?"
Alan has @joined you.
Raxcip says, "Welcome, Alan."
Dria says, "Personalities come across really well, I find.  
Esp. if the person can write."
Alan says, "Im on as Alan now - and I think that Martin is on 
the other screen. .."
Alan says, "Please hang in there..."
Raxcip says, "yes, I suppose."
Dria says, "hanging."
Raxcip says, "on"
Ghost says, "there."
Dria says, "stage fright :>"
Apocryphal says, "indeed, Dria..."
Dria says, "ah...I should get a gin&amp;tonic."
Raxcip cracks open a beer...
Dria says, "brb"
Apocryphal puffs on a mellow cigar
Alan says, "Okay we're on - "
Martin reconnects.
Alan says, "Richard MacKinnon is going to type for me --"
Martin exclaims, "Whee!"
Dria laughs
Martin exclaims, "I can do the minutes here!"
Raxcip says, "it only seems like minutes..  Its hours."
Alan says, "Alan wants a minute by minute countdown."
Dria says, "okay, you're hired ;)"
Alan says, "Alan wants us to discuss what netsex might be."
Ghost drops its drawers..
Raxcip says, "I thouth we were byond *that* point..."
Martin says, "Alan went to "Hot Horny Bitches" because someone 
asked him to"
Alan asks, "What do you mean Raxcip?"
Ghost asks, "Not stimulating enough here?"
Dria says, "Well, the mind is the most important sexual organ.  
Take away all t he other senses, and those which remain are 
heightened.  That's what it's all a bout. :)"
Raxcip says, "the general definition.."
Alan exclaims, "Hey Martin I didn't realize that you were here!"
Martin says, "Alan is talking about "wryting" as the ontological 
component to w riting ..."
Martin says, "Well now you do .."
Martin says, "We can take turns transcribing Alan ..."
Martin exclaims, "Netsex sounds ....  aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
zzzzzzzzzzz m mmmmmmmmmm m m mm m m m erghhhhh h h wheeeeee!"
Dria laughs
zone has entered Conference Room.
Alan asks, "Dria . . . are you saying that mind-impoverished 
beings cannot have sex?"
Martin says, "oog"
zone laughs
Dria says, "I find the silences during are more expressive :)"
zone loves it
Ghost exclaims, "Oh baby!"
Dria says, "mind-impoverished?  Uhm...yes, I guess I am."
Dria says, "depends what that means, of course"
zone cracks up
Alan says, "Dria, well then it seems to me that one doesn't need 
much of a mind to be silent.  Perhaps you should consider 
hooking up with a rock."
Martin says, "Alan is talkig about hesiataions and backtracking 
and erasuresd . .."
Raxcip says, "Yes, Its interesting to think of the other when 
there not typing. .."
Alan says, "Oh I see . . . then it's not the *silence* which is 
poignant, but t he thoughts resulting from the silence."
Speaker fades in from Entry Point and joins you.
Ghost says, "writing Alan talking about writing erasures.."
Speaker says, "I'll be Alan's words ..."
Speaker says, "Martin typing them ..."
Martin says, "yeah"
Raxcip says, "or, the silences translate to RL "
Dria says, "typing takes a certain concentration...if you're 
otherwise occupied , it becomes secondary :)"
Speaker says, "One case which resulted in netsex that 
recuperated a married wom an ..."
Ghost says, "Good argument for CUseeme.."
Alan says, "That's interesting.  Fanny, mentioned to me that the 
VR impressions made on her--particularly the romantic kind--seem 
to linger into the real worl d."
zone manifests a spontaneously generated tatoo on her inner arm 
which reads: wo rds are sex
Martin says, "Sounds being recorded ... we'll put up the 
realaudio up later ... "
Dria says, "excellent argument for CUseeme...but that changes 
the situation, re ally.  It's not as much connected to mind...it 
becomes also visual."
Alan says, "Of course, this "lingering" phenomenon is often 
characterized by si lence, especially when a person has logged 
off."
Speaker says, "At times netsex can be completely overwhelming 
... "
Goatium_Guest fades in from Entry Point and joins you.
Speaker says, "Part of it the 'command structure'  ..."
Ghost moans
Speaker says, "The ASCII unconcoous ..."
Speaker says, "ignore my spelling"
Alan asks, "If the mind is the primary sexual organ, then what 
is the differenc e between net.sex and physical sex?"
zone smiles
Dria says, "raw, digitized self, expressed.  It's very 
different."
Speaker says, ""I can't type half as fast as Alan, even though I 
do it for a li ving ..."
Raxcip says, "net.sex leaves you alone, untouched."
Alan says, "Hmmm....this implies that a virtual body is 
available to virtual lo vers."
Dria says, "untrue...emotions are of mind...I can be 'touched' 
emotionally...of ten with greater effect."
Goatium_Guest has disconnected.
The housekeeper arrives to remove Goatium_Guest.
Speaker says, "text emerges as parts of past, childhood ... 
interjections ... s natches that are not normally given voice to 
..."
Dria says, "it's a more intellecutal intercourse."
Raxcip says, "Yes, but I decided I could no longer have netsex.  
it left me fee ling too alone, too sad."
Alan says, "Yes, but even your desire to use the 
wor....er...word "touched" imp lies that a sort of "body" is 
produced-- whether emotional or textual."
Speaker says, ""Part objects .."
zone . o O (...duly noted use of the word "snatch")
Dria says, "it's not a replacement, but an enhancement"
Martin says, "Snatch was my word .."
zone . o O (...duly noted use of the word "intercourse")
Martin apologises.
zone laughs
Dria did that on purpose ;>
zone nods to Dria
Alan says, "Yep.  I think's that's true to a point...but it's 
even more than an enhancement.  I think it is an alterate, but 
not necessarily one that replaces ."
Martin catches the odd drop from Alan's verbal waterfall ...
zone smiles at Martin
zone loves it
Alan hands Martin a bucket
Speaker says, """The power of Netsex ... not trivial ..."
Speaker says, "Joining subjects across the wall of language .."
Speaker says, "defining ... truth ... idea of true speech and 
the genuine other .."
Speaker says, "primordial objectivity ... "
Alan asks, "Dria, you said that you think the "touching" in VR 
is an enhancemen t of physical touching.  This implies that the 
former is better than the latter .  Do you really believe this?"
Dria says, "netsex allows us to explore, to investigate, to 
experiment...with o nly minor risk, compared to rl...it's a new 
form of fulfillment...we are only b eginning to explore the 
possiblities"
Speaker says, "kant ..."
Speaker says, "Questions about Kant ..."
Martin exclaims, "Bucket!?!?!"
Alan asks, "What's a matter, Martin?  Is a bucket not large 
enough to catch dro ps from Alan's waterfall?"
Dria says, "enhancement...not 'better', just...different...often 
'worse'...but it's something new, and powerful, which affects 
profoundly the lives of many pe ople.  It cannot be shrugged off 
as inconsequential"
Speaker says, "A state of primitive fusion and confusion .."
Speaker says, "Temptation of St Antoine .."
Ghost says, "No one's mentioned gender yet.."
Speaker says, "Cyberspatial buzzing .... huge amounts of ..."
Speaker says, "Excretion's featured a few times ... not that 
zone ..."
Speaker says, "not = note"
Dria says, "gender becomes ephermal...manipulable...part of the 
experimentation ."
zone nods to Speaker
Alan says, "Okay, I'm with you.  In the case of "worse," 
"enhancement" is an od d ...er...odd choice of word.  An 
enhancement which makes something worse is a connotation that is 
usually reserved for Microsoft :-)"
Dria says, "we are who we want to become."
Speaker says, "Confusions of identity .... @gender commands ..."
Dria laughs
Dria says, "perhaps it was a poor choice of word."
zone says to Dria, "I agree Dria...but I think it is also an 
opportunity to bec ome more *who we are*...online serving as a 
mirror..."
Speaker says, "Control faction ... moviong backwards and 
forwards from the abys ss .."
Speaker says, "ss"
Dria asks, "what parts of life do *not* serve as mirrors?"
Speaker says, "tremendous sexualisaion of the internet as a 
whole ..."
Alan says, "No matter . . . I agree, though . . . the internet 
allows us to exp lore and experiment with reduced risk, but 
really though, how much of a risk is afforded.  I know that 
people can really get hurt--which comes as quite a surp rise to 
them."
Dria says, "it's the cultural restrictions which we ahve to deal 
with in rl."
zone says to Dria, "You mentioned this thing about who we want 
to become...and
I was noticing the opposite is also true..."
Speaker says, "Most non-moderated spaces show this ..."
Dria says, "that's why I said minor risk...the risk exists...the 
phenomenon of cyberrape...that cannot be overlooked."
Speaker says, "Sexualisation ... desires implicit just about 
everywhere ..."
Alan says, "Precisely.  We can dump some cultural baggage, but I 
think people w ho think the net.sex is "safe" are a bit 
under-net.sex'd."
Speaker says, "16 minutes ... 4 to go "
Speaker says, "language loses its formal syntactic structure 
..."
Dria says, "it's safer than rl, imho...injury is of a different 
nature entirely ."
Speaker says, "Raviushment becomes the unravelling of 
language..."
Alan says, "There a plenty of cases where net.sex has penetrated 
the condom-as- interface and and hit the user right where it 
hurts."
Speaker says, "Woman he knew who would short out the keyboard 
with her wet hand after coming .."
Speaker says, "Streams of characters ..."
Speaker says, "fbnu bgyf hgf hgf hf hgbfh 
jgthrjigbtrubigperhbubhuehtuig bubtg4 75ub4 htgb4 u5tgb4 
5ugpbu4pihu5ughbu54ibgutbgubthbgubt "
Speaker says, "Ah, tht's better."
Alan says, "weroiusc sfdrmss sadfsdflj asdfsdj4r32wq"
Raxcip laughs
Ghost says to Dria, "psychological hurt is still psychological 
hurt"
Alan shrugs
zone says, "seroshlkjlllllll kisslillhh 
.lkjjiliiiiiiillllmmmmmm"
Alan says, "Exactly."
Dria says, "as I said, different.  "
Speaker says, "cu-seeme is more uncanny and disturbing than 
y-talk ..." 
Dria asks, "you really can't see the difference in risk?"
Speaker says, "Silence of cu-seeme ... uncanny ... uncomfortable 
... fascinatin g ... becasue of the faces ..."
Speaker says, "faces erupt in different direction .."
Alan asks, "Is it possible that a face can be thought of as 
genitalia?"
Speaker says, "recognition ..."
Speaker says, "didn't get to death on the internet ..."
Dria thinks about Michael.
Speaker says, "Tomorrow: Michael Current's fdeath ..."
zone says, "le petit mort"
Speaker says, "Thankyou ..."
Speaker recieves applause ..
Raxcip says, "only insomuch as every part of the body is sexual, 
(faces)"
Dria applauds for Alan :)
Martin says, "Questions ..."
Martin asks, "?"
Speaker says, "... cleaning up ..."
Ghost goes out through the out door.
Alan says, "Stelar laughed at the notion of cleaning up."
Alan says, "=c"
Dria laughs
Alan says, "Apparently in Austrialia, Kant is pronounced 
"cunt.""
Speaker says, ""Jerry asks about Kant ... Alan thought he meant 
something else ... talking about netsex ..."
Speaker says, "It is."
Dria bites hir tongue
Martin says, "probably for good reason"
Speaker says, "carry sexuality beyond what happens in Alan's 
real life .."
Speaker says, "as it becomes more real ... series of exchnages 
..."
Speaker says, "list ... priovate mail .. ."
Speaker says, "more emotional .."
Speaker says, "relationshiop ..."
Speaker says, "phone call "
Speaker says, "phone sex ..."
Speaker says, "y-talk ..."
Speaker says, "photos ..."
Dria nods...got the first phonecall today :>
Speaker says, "peices of hair ..."
Speaker says, "souvenirs ..."
zone smiles
Speaker says, "anything ..."
Raxcip says, "sextoys..."
Speaker says, "Small animals .."
Dria laughs
Raxcip asks, "?"
Alan says, "Panties, panties"
Speaker says, "Oh yes, panties ..."
Dria says, "oh, don't forget the panties."
Speaker says, "That was a typo  . ..."
Raxcip grins
zone says, "oh yeah...and remember panties"
Speaker uses the word "coagulation" a lot ...
Alan says, "Effluvia and coming together in a matted position."
Speaker says, "Question intimates that Jerry ta;ling and Alan 
typing was like G ilbert and George ..."
Alan says, "Group net.sex."
Dria  thinks...hm, time to break out the erotica ;>
Speaker says, "like dria"
Speaker licks Dria ever so slowly.
Alan says, "Except that the group is one person."
Dria freezes, deer in the headlights ;>
Dria says, "Yummy"
Speaker says, "Richness of net.sex "
Speaker says, "Turn off the computer ... left with own 
reflection in screen ... "
Dria says, "the mirror."
Apocryphal says, "..."
Speaker says, "Different movements ..."
Raxcip says, "yes, thats the part I hate.  The computer off me 
alone"
Apocryphal says, "or nothing...the matte, blankness"
Speaker says, "y-talk is like two bodies separated by 
