

THE ACCIDENTAL ARTIST: Phenomenology of the Virtual


Introduction

THE ACCIDENTAL ARTIST was an ongoing exhibition in Second Life at Odyssey, 
June 2008 - January 2009, by Alan Sondheim, with help from Sugar Seville, 
Azure Carter, Gary Nanes, Sandy Baldwin, and Frances van Scoy at the 
Virtual Environments Laboratory, West Virginia University, Morgantown, 
West Virginia. The show changed daily and the gave me an opportunity to 
study the phenomenology of a virtual world in relation to avatar-human 
objectivity. The following texts were written during the generation of the 
show. 

Show URL: http://slurl.com/secondlife/Odyssey/48/12/22
Illustrations: Various images and videos may be found at
http://www.alansondheim.org/ - these periodically change as well.

- Alan Sondheim



spasm


convulse: i send you my signal. my signal is sad. my signal falls apart.
you do you receive my signal. my signal goes to you. 
what of it, this signal?
tremor, seizure, fit: it is the sensor in them that dreams.

"The debate does not exist, because of the non-existence of both the name 
and that which is named." (Nagarjuna, Vaidalyaprakarana, trans. Tola & 
Dragonetti)


Emanent


'The skull-holder was not really so, but was a nirmana form of 
Heruka, who said, "In this life you must write the six main 
texts and in the _bar-do_ period you will attain the very highest 
siddhi." The acarya replied,

 "When pressed beneath your feet, even my lower 
 winds vanish.
 By your kind mercy, please withdraw your left 
 leg!
 If your nine-fold crest ornaments are kept
 straight, even the Brahma-realm vanishes.
 Please remain with your head moving but a little!
 If your hands are kept straight, the guardians of
 the four quarters become terrified.
 By your kind mercy please withdraw your hands
 a little!
 O noble one, as your body is in a dancing pose
 and is purposefully maintained,
 I bow down before you with faith and an excess
 of reverence!"'

(from Taranatha's Life of Krsnacarya/Kanha, trans. David Templemann)

performing (1/y(sin(x)) <-- y(tan(x)))


she can MOVE FRUIT FROM ONE KIND OF TREE TO ANOTHER
she can MAKE OTHERS FALL ASLEEP OR WAKE AT WILL
she can MAKE FIRE BLAZE FROM WEAPONS
she can FLY THROUGH AIR
she can SEE THROUGH WALLS
she can TRANSFORM A CAVE INTO A PALACE AND SEAL THE EXITS
she can REMOVE THE TUSKS AND TRUNK FROM AN ELEPHANT AND RESTORE THEM
she can MAKE A KING SPEECHLESS AND RESTORE HIS SPEECH
she can GENERATE DEMONS AND COMPLETE DEMONS
she can END DROUGHT AND HEAL ILLNESS
she can SUBDUE LIONS AND TIGERS AND BRING THEM TO FAITH
she can REMOVE ARMS AND LEGS FROM SOLDIERS AND RESTORE THEM
she knows ALL LANGUAGES AND ALL DOCTRINES
she can EAT ENDLESSLY AND DRY UP WELL SPRINGS AND RESTORE THEM
she can CUT OFF HER HEAD AND FLY THROUGH THE AIR AND RESTORE IT
she can MOVE A BUFFALO AND HER CALF BACK TO THEIR HOME
she is SAFE FROM ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND BLOWS WITH CUDGEL AND ARROW
she can TURN AROUND ARROWS IN FULL FLIGHT
she can TURN INTO AN OLD WOMAN AND BACK AGAIN
she can SEE THINGS ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD
she knows ALL FUTURE AND ALL PAST EVENTS
she meditates FOR DAYS ON END WITHOUT SLEEP OR DRINK OR FOOD
she can HOLD SEVEN HUNDRED UMBRELLAS ABOVE HER WITHOUT TOUCHING THEM
she can RAISE THE DEAD AND RESTORE THEM TO DEATH
she can BE IN SEVERAL PLACES AT ONCE
she can TRAVEL INSTANTANEOUSLY FROM ONE PLACE TO ANOTHER
she can MAKE SMALL THINGS ENORMOUS AND ENORMOUS THINGS SMALL
she can MAKE DEVOTIONAL IMAGES CRUMBLE AND RESTORE THEM
she can CARRY A TEMPLE ON HER BACK
she can CLIMB ENDLESS STAIRS AND OTHERS CANNOT FOLLOW HER
she fits THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE INTO A TINY CORNER OF A CAVE OR HOUSE
she disappears AND APPEARS AT WILL
she conquers DEATH
she eats CORPSES URINE EXCREMENT SEMEN MENSTRUAL BLOOD
her slightest MOVEMENT TRANSFORMS WORLDS
her dance CREATES AND ANNIHILATES WORLD
she loosens BOUND ANIMALS AND RELEASES THEM
she can WALK ON WATER AND WALK THROUGH FLAMES
she can CAUSE THE EARTH TO QUAKE AND FLOWERS TO FALL LIKE RAIN
she can DISCOVER HIDDEN TREASURES
she can WALK THROUGH WALLS AND CLIFFS
she can SEAL CAVES AND CREATE GREAT HALLS WITHIN THEM
she can MAKE HERSELF INVISIBLE AND MAKE HERSELF VISIBLE AGAIN
she can CREATE OVERWHELMING TEMPESTS
she can SUBDUE SNAKES AND OTHER WILD ANIMALS
she can SING PERFECT SONGS OF HER OWN DEVISING
she can ALLEVIATE THE SUFFERINGS OF THE ELDERLY
she can ALLEVIATE THE SUFFERINGS OF THE POOR
she can SCORCH CLOTHES AND RESTORE THEM
she can READ MINDS CLOSE BY AND AT A DISTANCE
she can EAT ANY SORT OF IMPURITIES
she can LAUGH AN EIGHT FOLD LAUGHTER
she can DRAW STELES AND JEWELS FROM THE GROUND
she can ERECT VAST PALACES AT AN INSTANT
she extracts POISON FROM WATER AND WALKS THROUGH BLAZING FLAMES
she can CHOOSE THE DATE AND TIME OF HER DEATH
she can MAKE DRUMS AND MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS TO SOUND BY THEMSELVES
her steps MEASURE GREAT OR TINY DISTANCES AT HER WILL
her gaze CAN SHATTER AND RESTORE ANYTHING
she can TRANSFORM HERSELF INTO A SKELETON AND A RAINBOW BODY
her gaze CAN OPEN CAVES IN SOLID ROCK AND SEAL THEM AGAIN
she remembers HER PAST AND FUTURE BIRTHS
she can TARRY WITH CONSORTS WITH OR WITHOUT ELABORATION
she can SELF ILLUMINATE
she can WALK AIMLESSLY DAY AND NIGHT
she can SPREAD THE SCENT OF PERFUMES IN EVERY DIRECTION
she can SIT LIE OR WALK IN MID AIR
she can WEAR APRONS OF BONES
she is FLEET FOOTED
she changes THE COLOR OF HER BODY AT WILL


siddhi pose-performance by Nikuko 


This is preparation for object attachment. Fashion: Silhouette for posing 
in combination with minimal blue pattern for orientation.

Object attachment buries avatar bodies. Spatially, the body is lossy; 
dynamically, behavior remains to conjure the semblance of purposeful 
action. Here, Nikuko orients herself, poses periodically.

The pose is drawn out of the dynamics; the spectator, in the pose, pro- 
ceeds as if the narrative moment continued literally for all intents and 
purposes. The pose is the ridge or hinge of movement, the pause designat- 
ing the other, the viewer, designated by the viewer - part of a system of 
distribution. The pause ensures the viewer that the body is not the locus 
or victim of seizure. Every pause is a pose, every pose a pause, both 
intertwined with intentionality.

The pose is given as a gift, is for the other, is oriented; the orienta- 
tion of the pose defines the stance of the other in inverse relationship 
to occidental landscape perspective in which the vanishing-point might be 
considered the locus of the viewer as well. But the pose draws in, puck- 
ers, the vanishing-point, which becomes a plane and punctum of intimacy.

Nikuko poses, there is no one in sight, but there is the camera, here 
literally one of obscura, that obscure little object A of desire for and 
by Nikuko, above all for Nikuko. 

One of us moved the other, one of us aroused the other to action, to the 
recording-booth, to the wide-screen, to the embrace of the other who is 
identical, not equivalent, to the self-selving occurring, not to mention 
the dynamics of the same. 

Ah, I reply, I can finally see hir face.


nikuko swallows dirt

dirty nikuko.

nikuko transforming into landscape because s/he wants to become part of 
the world of second life so s/he can never be removed until the entire 
corporation folds sometime in the future. nikuko encumbered by landscape 
because s/he wants to crawl away from the rocks towards some better future 
life. nikuko embedded into landscape because s/he wants to sleep the long 
long sleep while there still is silence in the world. nikuko talking to 
herself because there is no one to be hir tiny friend or listen to hir 
sobs. nikuko embracing landscape because s/he wants to open herself up to 
the earth and dirty orgasm. nikuko in the void of landscape. nikuko within 
the abyss of landscape. nikuko in the chaos of dirt. nikuko wants to 
swallow the landscape and disappear. nikuko in ecstatic orgasm upon hir 
discovery that it is all one ontology. nikuko in overwhelming orgasm 
having discovered it is all one epistemology. nikuko doesn't know where 
her energy comes from or the light that illuminates the rocks. nikuko 
doesn't know if she's a stone or a cliff or granite or schist. nikuko 
doesn't know s/he doesn't know and she's not about to find out. nikuko in 
unbelievably ecstatic enormous and overwhelming orgasm.


nikuko swallows dirt.
dirty nikuko.


seduction of the world


Are you dressed as a range of scalar values submerging the screen, there's 
something dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the other side 
of the tree, surely the use of values better written point to newer 
sources? Is a range of scalar values submerging the screen, there's some- 
thing dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the other side of 
the tree, surely the use of values better written point to newer sources 
dressed as you?

Are you in your thing, are you in your flesh, ah don't answer...
Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your thing? 

I love your feelings, a range of scalar values submerging the screen, 
there's something dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the 
other side of the tree, surely the use of values better written point to 
newer sources ...

Your breasts call me to them...
love oozes me beyond your thing!

What do you call your sedate thing?

My yes yes yes yes yes is yours...
should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns and 
adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the body, 
dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about ourselves, if 
not something used once and neither more nor less makes me thoughtful 

should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns and 
adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the body, 
dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about ourselves, if 
not something used once and neither more nor less calls forth pure womb, 
eating, excreting memory.

accompanying the edgy, should there be such a moment or singsong as 
these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or 
throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say 
about ourselves, if not something used once and neither more nor less is , 
edgy, there's always a question or query of these sources, to be sure? or 
a listing of lines or striations among queries or something of that sort, 
dear julu, now i will be very very wet when i am writing in my panties 
boohoo dear jennifer dearest jennifer and nothing else?

... womb is is this where i say the end with my wettest panties, dearest 
nikuko, or just the slightest bit just a slightest bit and further on, we 
are traveling wet and hands are pulling panties, are they not dearest 
jennifer here, it's womb?

Are you becoming close to Jennifer's should there be such a moment or 
singsong as these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and genitals 
crawling across or throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of text, or 
what should i say about ourselves, if not something used once and neither 
more nor less?

You melt into Julu's skin forever...

... cotton should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns 
and adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the 
body, dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about 
ourselves, if not something used once and neither more nor less 20854 is 
Julu's gift to you ...

the object itself, leaves as well.::chests of connections and cylinders
in time. but everything is still-born; i leave the site and the citation,
- a move from topography to topology that seems critical at this point
of a certain sort in place of either the machinic or the organic
'cylinder,' 'node,' and 'avatar,' which at least presents connectivity
and i don't even know the people. i've been writing with characters
news around here isn't good, there are closeups of autopsies on television
i've been too busy with avatar bodies that can't hold a stick to you. the
of the past, bones, skeletons, dust, death, hunger.:i forgot you jennifer
release, haunted - oh i cried when i found it, this delicate index
was awarded a certificate of merit; i have that certificate, untethered,
of worlds - just so my writings falter at the gate. in 1841 someone
to temporal balance, feedback. what can be said of this, of the fragility
are organized in a skein of representations - they're so fragile, so tied
which happened quickly, in the matter of days. all my belongings and works
of the world s/he organized and assembled over decades, a dispersion
firsthand when my mother died, what happens in any death: the dispersion
and organism. things need names and often don't have them; i learned
fecund, the flower is a shape, the flower is the merge of connection
this point in time. forget them. work the world.:the flower is connected,
machinic constructs that disappear as so many props only necessary at
constant state of rebirth, airborn, earthborn. nothing but prims, pixels,
the grit of the real, imaginary of the virtual, cleansed, hairless, in
of bodies and media, topologies of media, topographies of representation,
of lives disappear, all moments, topologies of desire, topographies
sex-playing roles in organic display that disappears, sheaves

 of nodes and vectors is in my wayward closet of attachments and parts
Your small tables

 seeps into my closet of attachments and parts - turning me Julu-Jennifer
Your breast

should there be such a moment or singsong as these, nouns and 
adjectives, genitives and genitals crawling across or throughout the body, 
dearest julu, the body of text, or what should i say about ourselves, if 
not something used once and neither more nor less:there's always a 
question or query of these sources, to be sure? or a listing of lines or 
striations among queries or something of that sort, dear julu, now i will 
be very very wet when i am writing in my panties boohoo dear jennifer 
dearest jennifer and nothing else:a range of scalar values submerging the 
screen, there's something dear julu that must be beyond or in the midst of 
the other side of the tree, surely the use of values better written point 
to newer sources::yes yes yes yes yes

Your pure yes yes yes yes yes is in my edgy is this where i say the end 
with my wettest panties, dearest nikuko, or just the slightest bit just a 
slightest bit and further on, we are traveling wet and hands are pulling 
panties, are they not dearest jennifer

Devour pure yes yes yes yes yes julu-of-the partying should there be such 
a moment or singsong as these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and 
genitals crawling across or throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of 
text, or what should i say about ourselves, if not something used once and 
neither more nor less!

Scalar value @a[$gen2] better written as $a[$gen2] at a/julua line 121.
Scalar value @a[$gen3] better written as $a[$gen3] at a/julua line 121.
Name "main::b3" used only once: possible typo at a/julua line 78.
Name "main::sign" used only once: possible typo at a/julua line 33.

a range of scalar values submerging the screen, there's something dear 
julu that must be beyond or in the midst of the other side of the tree, 
surely the use of values better written point to newer sources there's 
always a question or query of these sources, to be sure? or a listing of 
lines or striations among queries or something of that sort, dear julu, 
now i will be very very wet when i am writing in my panties boohoo dear 
jennifer dearest jennifer and nothing else should there be such a moment 
or singsong as these, nouns and adjectives, genitives and genitals 
crawling across or throughout the body, dearest julu, the body of text, or 
what should i say about ourselves, if not something used once and neither 
more nor less is this where i say the end with my wettest panties, dearest 
nikuko, or just the slightest bit just a slightest bit and further on, we 
are traveling wet and hands are pulling panties, are they not dearest 
jennifer


Reverse excavation and installation of materials for Second Life solo
exhibition, The Accidental Artist


It's difficult manipulating since the Nikuko avatar flies blind; it's 
impossible to see around the body extrusions. Mouse-view only works so far 
since nothing can be done except looking when it's open. Ctl-Alt-D, which 
changes camera viewpoint, helps a bit, but not much. The prims are so many 
and so complex, it seems that the world is close to overload; at one point 
I had set most transparent, but the ray-tracing gets too complex for 
slower machines. There will be three video streams, twelve sound sources 
with ten-second samples, and a continuous source, as well as these 
sculptures and other images on the wall. Sugar likens it to pinball. Even 
with a small avatar body, moving about the gallery is difficult. Most of 
the objects are impossible in physical space - or at least would require a
lot of Plexiglas support. Most of the images on or within the sculptures 
are external body, some imitative of internal organs. The images are 
distorted and have to be perceptually disentangled; they're either tiled 
or awkwardly wrapped. The affair is a gaudy circus one. It's a stage for 
performance (by Sandy Baldwin and myself) as well; moving about the space 
in alien choreographies will be just as difficult for as as for the 
spectators. I can easily imagine a dancespace filled, as this one is, but 
with phantom or invisible objects; the avadancers would find themselves 
and the rest of us among the absent ruins. Here however garishness is the 
premise and the promise of the virtual; there's no reason for camouflage 
in an airless space.

But it's difficult maneuvering in an eyeless space, literally flying or 
walking blind, sometimes falling out of the gallery altogether, ending up 
wedged and lawless. Occasionally a section of floorboard appears like a 
vector; we (Nikuko and myself) might be headed in the right direction. 
Camera angles, when the avatar stills hirself, through a series of 
alternating rotations and translations, can approach just about anything 
within ten meters or so; beyond that, chaos reigns. While these images are 
somewhat hit or miss, they convey the sense of new physics, lost structure
and boundary within the space. Now Nikuko hirself is at rest, in a realm 
as absent as the rest of us, until we log on together, momentarily, to 
work on installing sound. 


My enemy the digital, why not to live

It's on the verge of something, on the tip of the tongue, something about 
the digital and its relation to truth and mass accountancy and the 
ability to harness languaging on an unprecedented scale, something about 
the evanescence or shadowing of truth, about dictatorial tendencies and 
the ability to spread and modify code across whole continents, that this 
isn't an academics but an unmitigated furor - and in this sentence the 
digital or any specification/speciation becomes a disease of separation 
and the wager of truth, that is to say a political economy of truth that 
relies not on facticity but on a market or gaming in which truth is the 
outcome, not the forerunner, of stakes. One doesn't stake on truth, but on 
an apparatus that produces truth vis-a-vis accountancy, the digital; it is 
this manipulation that permits staking in the first place. My digital my 
love, my digital my enemy; these inscriptions produce skein, structure, 
market: Every market is an inscription, every inscription a market. It 
becomes increasingly useless to survive, to the extent that survival is a 
condition of change or altruism; instead, the same old game repeats itself 
indefinitely, a game of strategy within which slaughter, dis/ease, anomie, 
become byproducts or residues of categorization. It was writing, the 
writing of the concrete and concrete writing, that began a slide towards 
miasma, no matter how much it was curtailed by that very same writing. And 
what a slide, because also a harnessing of miasma, withdrawal from the 
real; it's a miasma of the imaginary and it's within the imaginary that 
the market is the most violent: without bounds and gaming, truth appears 
both certain and purchasable, and is always, within the digital and 
accountancy, infinitely alterable, without tethering. Without tethering 
there are no bounds, the world is boundless and frontiers are infinitely 
mobile; with infinite mobility comes exponential consumption of resources 
until asymptotic limits are incoherently named and approached - while the 
rich get richer, their class rapidly diminishes and dissipates. There's no 
end to all of this pseudo-fecundity except defuge, exhaustion, extinction, 
and each hour we are all the closer to the chaos of the retrievable. What 
was canonic is nameless, just as genre dissipates into an absence of 
meaning leaving organism without a _not_ to stand on; sure slow death 
results - no one notices, no one has the capacity to notice, all that 
accountancy grounded in backup is lost, the files topple, electricity cut 
off for longer and longer periods, finally none at all.

I think of Hitler and all those records, arms marked by integers, bodies 
cut out, decomposed elsewhere, increased complexity of coding, Auschwitz, 
sludge...


Azure Carter's Avatarman song

Avatar Man with Dream Woman

I've become imaginary
Disappearing in the movement
I've become contaminated
Raster of clock time

Avatar Man with Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Avatar Man

***

This avatar package
Already dead inside
This building is condemned
We know nothing's alive

You can look inside
He says
You can do it
Avatar edge
Shooting out to infinity

Limits of the world
Images of lost fecundity
Fragility of good things
We're doomed to novelty

You can look inside 
Dream Woman
The imaginary rides
No world
No limit
No grid
Nothing

Our male likes death
It excites him sexually
We know meat in his absence
Gamespace economy

You can look inside
She says
Death meat body
Hierarchy
Not holarchy


Dream woman enters a hole
Twisting through forbidden space
There's no moment to her moment
Hair fluid across face

You can look inside
Avatar
Hemisphere eye
Prim edge
Geek construct
Linden brain

***

I have done my work here
Return us to ourselves
The imaginary leaves us
As nothing ever will

Avatar Man with Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Dream Woman
Don't listen to me, Avatar Man


Nikuko, others, performing

High compression... this is from the workstation viewpoint... it's hard to 
see around the avatar which is enormous and glowing. Lucian Iwish came on 
later with a structure that enveloped the whole building... but with the 
show, the avatar I use is perhaps twenty-five feet high... Sandy's is both 
larger and smaller, variable, ghost-like... We had a few people the first 
night, a crowd the second (afternoon) who spoke mainly Italian. This sec= 
tion is from the first night. Live instruments included flute, chromatic 
harmonica, sampling keyboard. Sandy's texts flew amazingly, were from our 
theory writing on avatar and the like. My texts were paste-ins from the 
Jennifer, Nikuko, Doctor Leopold Konninger, Julu plays. Sound is from a 
number of simultaneous sources under the control of the viewer. You can 
talk or make live music in Second Life. Time of the recording was set to 
midnight. Second Life beyond the traditional physics (which can be 
countermanded to some extent by creating objects without physics) is 
incredibly malleable; a building roof can exist without support, marked- 
off territories may have no concrete barrier markers beyond the luminous 
floating signs; bodies can be modified at will; flying and teleportation 
are comment; one exists without breathing on land or sea; set carefully, 
one penetrates rocks; you might or might not see through your avatar's 
body; for that matter, objects may glow or be transparent; touch at a 
distance is possible and common; you may construct on land, in sea, within 
air; you normally disappear when your character logs out; environment and 
time may follow Second Life time or be set artificially; one might talk 
with one's voice, through internal instant messaging, or through chat; 
your avatar body may be distorted by others; everything depends on Linden 
corporation; Linden may well be able to hear any and all private conversa- 
tions; beyond Linden there's the horizon of bandwidth; particle emissions 
are quick and contain just about anything; buildings arise and fall in a 
twinkling of an eye... The time is midnight, the objects glow, intersect; 
I believe, without proof, that they are sliding in a fourth spatial dimen- 
sion through some flaw in the software; there are some bodies and some 
objects I may fly through; there are some I am held by; there are some who 
hold me; there are griefers and hackers; there are some who hold me... Who 
am I but avatar-Nikuko, Nikuko-avatar; s/he speaks through me; asserts 
her- self; possesses a literally uncanny insistence; turns towards 
withdrawn sexuality; is always waiting and awaiting, as I am always 
waiting and awaiting here. Flying through configurations, s/he settles on 
a certain appearance or style or look; I am back beyond the screen; s/he 
controls objects greater than any I have controlled; s/he is adroit. I am 
back beyond the screen; I'm blinded by the objects; for the most part I 
can't see ahead, only slight glimpses to the left and right, slight 
glimpses of the floorboards beneath hir feet. There, beneath hir feet, are 
the vector guides that somewhat make a mapping. I have three choices: stay 
within hir body, breathe hir breathless air, or fly hir everywhere which 
gives me the slightest vision above the objects, or use mouselook, which 
allows me to see through Nikuko's eyes, gives me hir sight, or scent, hir 
touch, hir perfume. But mouselook takes over the screen; the configuration 
menus and controls disappear; you're only there with her, in her, as s/he 
is in you; everyone else is present, easy to see and touch; you might run 
or swoop with delight; you might stay absolutely still; but your bound 
within hir as your bound within Second Life as a Life, that is, as a 
being-in-the- world which gives you no escape, no meta-processes to 
fine-tune the process. You can't build that way; you are sunk in Nikuko's 
body, part of hir avatar-flesh, sheave-flesh, sheave-mind, Linden-mind; 
your swallowing is hir swallowing, your food hir own. So in these 
performances, the more Nikuko gathers, the more I am flying blind, even 
building blind, speaking blind, dancing and yes choreographing blind, 
blind in this airless world with the trivial fact that it is I who see, 
dispersed-eye, not Nikuko who can only whisper through appearance, affect 
me through hir slightest move- ment, walk and talk, sit and stand, nowhere 
at all. Yet there is something of a future here, not in Linden or the 
Corporation, neither in bandwidth nor in prim-counts, but in a peripheral 
and, again that uncanny insist- ence, that feeling that Nikuko is living, 
not as prosthetic or other device, not as prim, but perhaps as a 
not-so-prim woman or girl or neutral or male at the last or gender-ending 
moment of the real. For Nikuko has taken me, just like others have taken 
you into the unaccountable true world, with its lines of flight and 
inscriptions intensifications and dispersed gatherings of selves and 
bodies, the true world of scatterings, spews, emissions, radiations. And 
among all of this, Nikuko flies, swoops, cavorts, in nowhere, among an 
underground mathesis gone wild, presented for your pleasure or operating 
pleasure, for your frisson or sport- or spoor-world, for the spook or 
glow, fed by nothing, a picture for your pretty sight, a longing, for 
something, somewhere, languor ...


new bodies for old

after advanced/character/ menu produced male and female characters 
accouterments and refused to return all hir objects

Think of SL as an abstracted 4-dimensional space-time continuum: What are 
the built-in constraints? Fundamental forces like gravity have to be 
built-in; there's no _inherent_ reason for its existence. The ceiling 
instead - that which backgrounds the continuum - is corporate, and as such 
might as well be a corporate model for future-culture and cultural proc- 
esses in the 'real world.' 

The corporate model is fundamentally a tacit and leaky one. Tacit: because 
its operations are quickly treated as natural by body and mind (invisible 
prosthesis). And leaky: because it fills every space, construes every op- 
eration, colors and codes within and throughout the true world invisible.

"Corporate" is not restricted to either a particular mode of capital or 
power, nor a particular mode of governance - but instead is a basic and 
backgrounding mode of quantification, related in Second Life and for that 
matter, the older MOOs and MUDs, by the assignment of hierarchies, parent- 
child processes, and identification numbers within the world, world-build- 
ing, and worlding "in general." 

Given this constraint, what are others, and how do they relate? At least 
for the moment, one logs in and out of SL; inactivity logs one out and for 
the most part, when one logs out, one's body disappears (unlike a MOO, for 
example, where a body might be found somnolent in a "body-bag"). In other 
words, one's activity is _framed_ by a process of intention and/or tend- 
ing-towards, a process which requires a particular action on the part of 
the participant - which in fact constructs the framing of the very concept 
of participation.

One is constrained by the process of building, but this is also a matter 
of time, energy, money, and nuisance. A similar constraint exists for 
land-ownership - and within SL, ownership is both relative (in relation to 
the corporation and the continuous output of the corporation, in terms of 
finance, governance, capital, and power in general), and absolute: The 
land that is owned is purely and totally _intended_; it has no otherwise 
existence or mode of being, no wilderness. (One might designate or assign 
a region as wild, but this an intended act as well; it is neither obdurate 
or substance, "idiotic inert" no analog.) 

At least at the moment, one is constrained by three-dimensionality and its 
projection into the 2-space of the screen. Given that, objects may inter- 
sect and self-intersect and may or may not be "gravitationally" bound.

One is constrained by modes of behavior, coded and uncoded; by bandwidth; 
by one's terminal (therefore one's economy and one's relationship to class 
and corporate in any world); by one's health in the physical world; by 
one's ability to script and code. Where is the internal (not to mention 
external) history, per participant and/or login, of Second Life and its 
denizens? Where are the rolls of land ownership and usage? The history of 
SL's code and coding? The detailing of its proprietary software? (The 
world itself is closed-source.) 

(For surely the world as a whole may be investigated, as a book of nature, 
a supine woman, an angry man, red in tooth and claw, as God's hand and 
God's shriveled hand, as systemic coordination and mathesis, as semiosis, 
as subject and object of dissection, of nothing whatsoever.) 

One's steam runs out ...


Poetics of the Virtual

Second Life as a laboratory for phenomenology of representations of space- 
time: think of multiply-connected geometries and configurations, dynamic 
impossible behaviors, behavioral and object intersections and collisions, 
spews, and interiorities. We work concretely and theoretically towards a 
poetics and psychophysics of the virtual through Second Life; through 
abject and inconceivable topologies, we experience an obdurate alterity. 

The poetics of the avatar is dependent upon dissemination, dissimulation, 
and dispersion. One moves as a dispersion as well, moves through skein- 
and sheave-skin; time and objects loop, are activated, suffer through 
detumescence, collapse, revive, are always already potential. The world is 
peculiar; one object teleports, another spews, a third crackles video.

Thanks to Sugar Seville, Sandy Baldwin, Ian Ah, and others, the space 
becomes more complex, problematic. We have a five-month residency here.


Phenomena, Phenomenology, and Objects in Second Life


In the current installation, effectual boundaries are rendered problemat- 
ic; through the use of .pngs with emptied backgrounding, objects are by 
and large deconstructed into partial outlines. This is also extended 
thorough partial transparency. In addition, there are phantom objects that 
are totally invisible but 'felt.' It is possible to create an invisible 
non-physical object that is present but unaccountable and unaccounted-for. 
Particle emissions also deconstruct boundaries, depending on the strength 
of the emissions - number of particles, speed, size, frequency of release, 
transparent or default rectilinear boundary, and so forth. Can particles 
become physical? Can they reign/rain terror? Can they exist invisibly and 
reign physically as well? Where is the subject in all of this? The sub- 
ject, viewer, has two modes - standard from within or slightly behind hir 
avatar, and mouselook, from the position of the avatar itself, with or 
without the rest of the body visible. The viewer may or may not zoom the 
view; the view as such is set by default to a standardized visual field. 
Visually, if not physically, entanglement occurs a fair amount of the 
time, the result of object with partially-transparent textures whose 
surfaces render the normative boundaries problematic. Entanglement reduces 
the possibility of coherent movement. In addition, there are concrete 
issues of scale; the textures are most often panels or tiling of images of 
body or remappings of the body - the bodies most often, but not entirely, 
cyborg or avatar or sheave-skin. In other words sheave-skins are mapped 
onto sheave-skins; mobility is only in terms of the substrate, and that 
only if the object is physical, i.e. can be 'bumped.' Now what this tells 
us about the true world, the world of inscriptions within and without 
physical reality, the virtual, and so forth, is that perception in the 
broadest phenomenological sense is not only determinative in viewing and 
viewpoint but also struggles with an alienness that countermands the laws 
of physics as realized in everyday life. Further, it tells us that the 
three classical states of matter - liquid, gas, solid (never mind the 
other exotic states) - are also determinative; the world is divided just 
as the game 'twenty questions' divides the world. Particle emissions, in 
particular 'heavy' or geometric emissions, break this down, as do self- 
intersections, physical but invisible objects (with standardized weight), 
etc. The result is somewhat related to 'virtual reality sickness,' a form 
of veering as the world appears both imminent and senseless; even when 
sensed, it remains a struggle to get about. From the viewpoint of an 
emitting avatar, the situation is compounded; as such, without mouselook 
the avatar flies or moves blindly; even with mouselook, extensive particle 
emissions effectively block the visual. Think of these emissions as plasma 
and their condition and phenomenological apperception as that which is 
applicable to the fourth, and universally most common, state of matter; in 
this sense the very inscription (through scripting) of particle emissions 
contradicts, on the level of lived reality inscription itself; one has no 
space and no time to circumscribe or circumambulate them - they appear 
everywhere - their source is anomalous - they respond to invisible weath- 
ers - they seem to be a form of 'stuff' or 'stuffing without containment' 
- they're close to the phenomenology of brute or idiotic substance. Thus 
they compound and confound space from above, as it were, just as the 
broken or partially-visible deconstructed objects compound and confound 
space from below. Now the museum or gallery within and without (on the 
grounds or precinct) that presents and contains all of this - and hardly 
contains as emissions escape through walls, viewpoints move underwater, 
the building itself appears to falter - is a representation of what has 
been termed liquid architecture, or at the very least it holds within it 
the semblance of liquid architecture. Think of this as malleable space; 
with the use of slowed emissions and teleportation, it is also malleable 
time  always already vectored, as time is, both within and without 
Second Life, i.e. within the true world. For one is framed by logging-in 
and logging-out, the emissions are vectored and controlled, they respond 
in depth to a universal clock or clocking based simultaneously on the 
speed of the viewer's computer and the speed of the servers and cycles of 
Second Life itself or themselves. This is in other words, all a setting 
and background - malleable space governed and governing + and -, as well 
as malleable time governing +, feed-forward. One can quickly see how 
functions may be applied across these, for example f(t), t > 0, which may 
or may not get us anywhere; certainly with emissions, for all practical 
purposes one is reduced to statistical analyses of fuzzy and intersecting 
(if not interacting) ensembles. So we might say that the digital always 
moves forwards but spatially may or may not occupy any conceivable con- 
fluence, as well as a confluence of the plasma which psychoanalytically is 
related both to abjection and defuge; in other words, within the human 
organism at the very least, plasma exhausts and 'ruins' - corrodes, or 
dissolves, or decays, or corrupts, and so forth. Here the masquerade of 
the coherency of the subject is called into question as it is in Lacan and 
elsewhere; here the very exact and astute boundaries that constructed, 
through code and protocol and software, Second Life itself, are psycho- 
logically 'ruined' as well - it's as if one looked at mold and the coding 
of mold on a molecular level and phenomenologically or culturally tried to 
conflate the two (which of course is possible but a difficult extension). 
So in short we might think of the space or spacing within Second Life as a 
laboratory of sorts, software and hardware (issues of bandwidth and memory 
internal and external to the viewer and the viewer's computer and connec- 
tion) in relation to psychological and psychoanalytical issues, again in 
conjunction with clear or fuzzy considerations of code, the sensorium and 
the vast but problematic and most likely fictitious masquerading of the 
regimes of the analog/ic and digit/al themselves. 

Eidetic reduction? - impossible, too parasitic, noise. Quietude - gone, 
emptied space - non-existent. Emptiness, replete, fecund emptiness. The 
natural attitude - always within reification processes. Too many signs and 
insufficient generators. To mean is to speak. To speak is to speak among 
local sound sources; others speaking or listening; overarching sound 
configuration. Everything is slot or slotted; slots are mobile, futile, 
fuzzy. Psychoanalytical entities are dispersed from origin; there is no 
thing seeing, no thing looking or looked at, a theater which is always a 
mess, never has been anything but a mess - a theater which is under the 
sign of masquerade or constriction, because it is only with constriction 
that plot develops, that characters speak, that one lives in the true 
world, that one inscribes or is inscribes, creates and exhausts meaning, 
tending always towards abjection, defuge, death, almost in that very 
order. The blanket origin of death puts an end to it all; it's on the limb 
or hinge of death that Second Life carries on, and who knows how many are 
logged in under how many borrowed or originary names?



'Second Life,' miasma


