
Qintune A 4 And Code Work A Stub A 

http://www.alansondheim.org/qintune4.mp3 4 Jackson Moore

Code Work A Stub A

y a not a meet a Wikipedi's a generl a 's a The a topic a of 
thisl a rticle a m a blish a notbility a by a bility a dding 
guideline. a Ple a se a help a to a est a bout a the a topic. If 
a creli a cnnot a be a ble, a second a nnot a ry a sources 
estblished, a blished, a is a likely a merged, a redirected, or 
a deleted. a Find a sources: a "Codework" a . a books scholr 
JSTOR free a imFind a schol a r a imges a (July 2013) a im ges a 
tions a for a verifiction. a Plerticle needs a tion. Plese a 
ddition a cit a cittions a relible sources. a improve ble a 
chllenged a Unsourced a llenged a nd a removed. a teri This a 
more a links a other a rticles integrrticles a integr integrte a 
te a t a re a relevre relev a relevnt a context within a exist- 
ing a text. (December a 2012) a nt a th a lly creted a ngu a ted 
a given ges. a word a 'codework' a w a s origin a n a Sondheim, 
[1] but a lso a populrized a Internet its a rized a me a Al a 
Mez a Breeze.[2] a It a sometimes referred a rtist a such 
net.writing. a sid[3] a hnet.writing.  id[3] a hve a been 
inspired a eclectic a poetry a h a ve a used a mny a forms 
writing, a mostly a ny a Codework a Moon a exn's D a exmple 
fiction a in a ys a J a mplev a shmed++ a == a losing self-es- 
teem.S_____ a wmed++ a med++ a wsn't a on a diet) [re]solution a 
sn't a if( a fter a ll a = a S_____ a couldn't resist a ell a e 
a et a when a see[sniff]ing a food a ("te();", a felt a defe a 
(" a te();", a defeted a & a self-disgustedx 1000); a 2009, a 
Interferences: a [Net.Writing] a Prctice Rctice a ley, a Rit a 
stub. a You a c a cn a Stub a icon writing system.rel a Wikipedi 
a exphelp a expnding a it.exp nding



Mockingbird mobbing a hawk, red-tailed or -shouldered

http://www.alansondheim.org/mockinghawk.mp4
This is in the middle of urban sprawl; if you slow the
video up,* you can see the hits. Couldn't identify the
hawk but given the location it's one or the other. The
mockingbird's protecting its nest; it finally flew off.
(Why do I side with the mockingbird? I'm under stress
myself here in Providence, body-manque, and every day I
see myself deteriorating. I live in hate, in adrenalin,
in anxiety. Azure keeps me sane, qin-playing gives me
the ability to breathe, my cat reminds me of a family
that has disappeared. The mockingbird imitates and I do
the same*** and both of us manage, when the alarm calls
cease, do come out with moments of creative insight and
maybe beauty. And maybe not. Death is a hawk coming for
all of us and I dream of beaks stabbing in the night.**)

* Slow up, slow down, the difference in emphasis is
subtle and almost untranslatable.
** Not literal dreams, just the desire to rip my face
and age off and begin again.
*** I'd like to imitate but ADD leads me astray and I
end up in new lands.



Qin.anguish. for bidden mourning

Dirge qin for me. The realm of guqin.

http://www.alansondheim.org/qin1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinforme.mp3

The sound which continues in me.
I am not exaggeration. Dirge qin for me.
I breathe. Play funeral. Listen for
me. For what will be funeral. For
space. For none of us.

the is.



old man mad about wryting

i.
that the elderly are child-like. I'm told I'm living on borrowed 
time. I'm mind is supposedly elderly. Am I repeating myself? Did 
I forget something level, will be the elderly. Despair will be 
transformed into religious termed elderly, and others have taken 
over, and there is This is the time, my mind supposedly elderly, 
am i repeating myself? did i Nikuko and Izanagi continued south. 
They approached an elderly man talking the cyberspatial language 
of the elderly of the twentieth century.  Thus I think the truth 
of the elderly is the release from meaning. That is Now Derrida 
is termed elderly, and others have taken over, and there is 
Nikuko and Izanagi continued south. They approached an elderly 
man talking among the poor and elderly. time, my mind supposedly 
elderly, am i repeating myself? did i tired situation of wisdom 
come too late; the elderly are wise but organic - that dominates 
the world. give the lie to this among elderly generals, away 
whole universes on the edge of understanding; messiahs are 
elderly, away the rights of the diseased cripple the elderly 
smash the elderly time, my mind supposedly elderly, am i 
repeating myself? did i diseased cripple the elderly smash the 
elderly kill the old misplace @other|sick|infirm|child|elderly| 
the elderly longing for enough to eat that the elderly are 
child-like. I'm told I'm living on borrowed time. I'm time, my 
mind supposedly elderly, am i repeating myself? did i mind is 
supposedly elderly. Am I repeating myself? Did I forget 
something shooting elderly 2 women, elderly questions. women, 
Apparently, obviously of the deaths were of elderly people stuck 
in homes without air time, my mind supposedly elderly, am i 
repeating myself? did i?

ii.
An old man sat in their midst. The king, who was then young man, 
was curious to know who he was, and so dispatched a servant who 
discovered the great teacher Zarathushtra, and watched him draw 
figures in the sand, and to move about on them. Look there. This 
is a story that has been told many times, but is well worth 
telling. The path was wet from the recent rains. She came across 
an old man walking. Nikuko and Izanagi were walking as usual. 
They approached an old man with Izanagi. The old man looked up, 
and tilted his head slightly to the left. saying nothing, slowly 
continuing on his way. His feet were blown off, he was crying 
for help in the dust. I couldn't lose the old man, interfere 
with pristine bits once again, urging 'shutdown -h.' The old man 
stumbles to the window tumbles to the ground stutters a lot goes 
out. It's the biggest lie, he says, that one has one's memories. 
He''s not in a leisure suit. I'd literally rather be dead. Help 
help we're lost in the Cosmos I say to the man sitting there. I 
could tell you stories, she'd still remember me, I am an old 
man, I don't like it. It's another misty morning, knowing i'm 
the old man fading into young old man young woman man child 
woman assassin the woman. One time there was a woman. The 
sparrow asked her, "Why were there five of these men and why did 
they come?" Betrayal! Another drink for the old man, penny for 
the old guy his Lord. "An old man mad about painting of the 
world there is this sound and there is this old man. And there 
is this old man mad about painting. I am that man. I begin by 
thinking about my being; I continue by thinking myself "a 
forty-year-old man into a sexy twenty-year-old." "I couldn't."




Spark-Gap


Whaaaa? Whaaaz that thing? Whaaaz that thing attached

to that thing? Whaaaz that thing doing? Whaaaz that

thing doing that's attached to that thing? Whaaaz that

noise that thing is making? Whaaaz that noise that

thing attached to that thing is making? Whaaaz that

thing attached to those thing? Whaaaz that noise that

thing is making that's attached to those thing? Whaaaz

that light thing that thing attached to those thing is

making? Whaaaz that light thing? Whaaaz that other 

thing making that light thing attached to that thing

attached to those thing? Whaaaz that light? Whaaaz

that bright thing attached to those thing? Whaaaz that

bright thing? Whaaaz so light?




Exceptional


http://alansondheim.org/exceptional1.mp3
http://alansondheim.org/exceptional2.mp3

1=electric guitar.2=electric saz.

In a recent review my playing was described as exceptional.
Meanwhile a week ago I was playing electric guitar and saz,
and developed a thick knot in my right wrist that had me
screaming (literally) in pain. After it went away I began
to play again and finally returned to these two (heavy)
instruments. So was the pain exceptional; my playing
exceptional; the disappearance of the pain exceptional? I
have no idea but I did discover these pieces are filled
with tunefulness that emerges and then sinks down, as if
the clarity of the world repeated returned to abjection, 
as if there were no escape, as if creation occurred in the
midst of a sea of notes. Love it, and yes, the pain came
back, flickering, my hands and wrists now unsettled, time
to retreat and take a break, the consequences of speed.




garden spirit the day the bodies died *


Alan: now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now

Nikuko: if not now now now when

Alan: when the bodies get out of the garden
when the bodies get out of the garden
when the bodies get out of the garden

Nikuko: you didn't mention a garden

Alan: the garden's at the end of the garden.
just there where the garden ends.
just right over there.

Nikuko: when when when when when when
when when when when when when
when when when when when when

Alan: when you can't see something. you can't.
when you can't see something over the wall.
because of the wall. because the wall's there.
you can't see the wall. because the wall's there.
because the wall's there.

Nikuko: I can't see the wall at the end of the garden. 
the wall is there and the bodies are there.
the bodies are at the end of the garden.
the bodies are where the garden's at the end of the
garden. where the wall is.

Alan: I think there's a wall there.

Nikuko: where where where where where where
where where where where where where
where where where where where where
where where where where where where
where where where where where where

Alan: there was a wall.
now now now now now now now now
now now now now now now now now

Nikuko: when was that wall then.
then was it when what then.
when the bodies were then.
when that what then.

Alan: an impression is a furrow on a ridge.
a scar is a lip on a skin.
a jar is a slip on a bin.
a body is a cut on a ridge.

Nikuko: when when when when when when
when when when when when when
when when when when when when


