, can use to track back to you.

ALan Sondheim What does that mean? I was supposed to be quoted a 
price etc. on the repair. They haven't been in touch with me at 
all.

We just tried that tracking number you have for FedEx and it 
says tracking number not found.

Dnala A.Alan, i do apologize i am seeing here your notebook is 
ship back unrepair due to none payment of CID.

ALan Sondheim What the hell is CID? I never received any email 
from these people at all!

Dnala A.Customer induce damage or out of warranty of your 
notebook.

ALan Sondheim I want to know how to sue you guys. This is 
completely unacceptable. We never heard a WORD from ASUS no 
matter how many times I got in touch.

Yes and we said we'd pay for it.

Please get me in touch with a manager.

Dnala A.Alan, i would be more than happy to provide a manager, i 
do apologize there are none available, i will have a supervisor 
call you back asap.

ALan Sondheim We asked for a price quote. We were told about 
$--- or so. We said fine.

When will that be? We're going out here. I can't tell you how 
furious I am over this. It's disgusting and it's been a waste of 
a lot of my time contacting service and then to have it sent 
back as if I never spoke to ASUS in the first place. I'm fairly 
public and have been a supporter of ASUS to date but not any 
longer. This is not acceptable.

The tracking number by the way isn't even listed by FedEx

Dnala A.Thanks for letting us know about the bad service you 
have received. I will ensure your voice be heard and i will have 
a supervisor call you base asap, once you are unavailable to 
accept the call our team will recall to ensure we get in touch 
with you.

ALan Sondheim Will this be by phone? And when? So we can receive 
the call here. And what about the wrong tracking number?

And now we have to pay for shipping back to you again because of 
your mistake?

It's not bad service - it's NO SERVICE!

Dnala A.Alan, the RMA close last friday therefore the tracking 
number maybe no showing in FedEx database at this moment.

However i will escalate the your case for as call back asap.

ALan Sondheim Last week they said they'd escalate my case AND 
GET BACK TO ME - NOT SHIP THE THING BACK. What does "escalate" 
mean? I waited over a week to hear

Dnala A.Escalation is where supervisors and managers assist on 
your case, higher levels assistance.

ALan Sondheim But they didn't. They sent the thing back.

They never got in touch. How is this "assistance"?

Dnala A.Therefore all you have mentioned to me will be pass on 
to our team there and i will ensure you get contact.

ALan Sondheim I need to know when I will get a call. I sent the 
unit out all the way back at the beginning of the month. And 
since then it's been a total mess.

Dnala A.Alan, i do not want to tell you couple hours and you 
received the call earlier there fore asap.

ALan Sondheim Today?

I also don't understand that last sentence.

Dnala A.Alan, as mentioned i dont have a specific time there are 
no managers/ supervisors available at this moment.

I will ensure a call back asap.

ALan Sondheim ok

At least tell me if the call will be today.

Dnala A.Alan, as mentioned i do not want to lie to you, there 
are no supervisors/ managers available and i and not sure if one 
will be available shortly to assist therefore i will make sure 
one gets your case to handle asap one is available.

ALan Sondheim ok thanks, bye


[The result so far is that the unit is being returned to me,
no one has called, and I have to make yet another "chat" which
will again consist of cut-and-paste text on ASUS' part. It seems
no repair will be done. I wasn't given a final price, nothing, 
and the shipping by FedEx cost a bit. I'm furious. Stay away 
from ASUS.]




q'in in qi qin

tone note none tote node done dote tone
tone node none note tote tone node
node none note tote tone node none
none note tote tone node none note
note tote tone node tone note tote
tote tone node tone node tote tone
tone node tone node none tone node
node tone node none note node tone
tone node none note tote tone node

done "    "    "    "    "    "





ELEKT(A)TRIC(K)

http://www.alansondheim.org/mississi13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/storming.mp3

latter made just now from shortwave around 5.6 meg.
bad storms brewing. one channel processed removing
hum (to some extent) and harmonics, as well as hiss,
the other raw. original mono. my eyes were closed
when recording in that I were to imagine myself off
the world's medievalism, in the effusions of plasma
and radiations of the world's space. so that i were
to live forever, electrify, not a trick Elektra, of
this, something wonderful, the true-world of the
world's cosmology and transformations, mappings, do
travel with me on this incredible Journey



Undered

http://www.alansondheim.org/undered1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/undered.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/undered2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/undered3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/undered4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/undered5.png

I'd rather be ten women than ten men. I am Clara, GOD. I 
foundered upon splay. , which is why we are torn together as 
one, sundered together, the contribution of the viruses was 
immense and not to be underestimated. sundered to the extent 
that humans operated, i am broken now past door. in the wet twig 
foundered metal declares itself. Yes, and how you have filled 
out these many years, lovely Julu! Thus during the era of 
steam-engines and diplex telegraphy - and one must remember that 
the most of the nineteenth century ran on batteries, not 
electrical outlets - during this era, the stuff of the time for 
the most part indicated what? Young women, such as ourselves, in 
touch with metal, standing on stools with glass legs, carefully 
applying dischargers with rubberized handles, it was as if the 
real were out of contrl---Or Until, dearest Julu, one might 
speak of that sudden discharge, the orgasm sm, the sudden 
exaltation of the spirit, for we might have concluded then, that 
spirit itself were inhabiting the world, a kind of ectoplasm of 
the metallic. Matter spoke and no one listened. However (as our 
words and arms entwine), it's as if there were a surplus that 
couldn't be contained - the experiment of big explosion. Which 
surely is why the models were young women, with the demonstrator 
male, the demonstration of the male, dissplay, which is why we 
are torn together as one, sundered together, across electronic 
barriers, foundered. Do not Tire Whelps! = True and untiring" = 
"To an To have found faith; to have founded faith; to have had 
faith foundered. walk it, can't the jewel magatama bending of 
legs sundered Weave what thou canst now speak; speak when thread 
hath sundered. Sundered legs of bending magatama jewel so it 
can't walk Thus was my recent dream, in which a text was lost, 
as I blundered with my Sundered legs of bending magatama jewel 
so it can't walk straight canst chelal sundered dropped on 
sundered skin, trembling, yet stopped; from earth i am asundered 
from earth i was and thundered I dreamed of two spheres, 
enormous, harboring the sky, one foundered floundered on the 
floor, the other tethered and flailing. I floundered, foundered. 
I flailed, faltered. A somewhat asundered death.:separated by 
death gnawed night nightmares load gnawed death.:separated death 
means separate wonder lost. Your spit asundered by asundered by 
parasite wonder-certain-site. in Ire in Tyre, Ere Ore is found 
and foundered. Do not Tire Whelps! Your spit asundered by 
parasite wonder-certain-site. is in my semen found and foundered 
upon. We are stardust and we can never, always door. wet twig 
foundered burned burned, choice. comes dont heart, eye waking 
weakening in fear asundered by death.



Arguably A Corporation is A Person

Apply date : Apply 2014/07/02 date 01:55:25(UTC : Time) 2014/07/02 
[Contact Information] Name Alan Email Address ----------- Phone Number 
