


here is the game of translucence:

body of which we can say _x,_ but only a body-in-passing, 
translucent if translucent, troubled, and there were no tomorrow 
pitched in relation to the other, two translucent, bound - as 
well as body (metaphorically) into the translucent, of here and 
there opaque, they murmur we are all avatartist, visible, 
transparent, invisible, translucent, transparent, here 
translucent, there to: opaque, there writing opaque, this, 
writing us, translucent or transparent to invisible light. 
translucent window viewing animated cartoons.  work has stemmed 
this. surfaces), translucent, glowing. textured, planar default 
simple surfacce crinkled black with a translucent window for 
viewing the animated video playing upon their convoluted 
surfaces), some translucent, and some translucent, troubled, and 
there were no tomorrow surfaces, translucent or transparent to 
invisible light.  body (metaphorically) into the translucent.  
Fundamental rules of the translucent, of here and there opaque, 
they murmur we are all avatartist, the sward, mobile and 
translucent; Julu says more organism! more organism! Laboratory 
to the invisible, transparent, physical, translucent, and 
forgotten. words lose tongues... My sward, mobile and 
translucent - Julu the future, translucent life-forms-media 
almost translucent, hardly transparent. Deeper voice gives 
everything away term, translucent, flailing across Websites; 
email loses internal flow as translucent jade with a faint 
ringing, the delicate sound of fine steel torn burrow within a 
future translucent. Then will I bill myself upon the Net, I 
notice my skin's translucent and not very funny at the moment. 
I'm covered They are transparent, translucent, now. Are you sure 
that they are transparent translucent now? o dark forest, in 
search of Indian Pipe pale and translucent near the burials, 
translucent paper of precisely the right color, neither too 
yellow nor too the recommands as looser, the result of at least 
a translucent net and a 19th-century science for an example; 
ghosts are translucent but everyone and all of this reflects a 
position of waning articulations, translucent through your gaze 
- you are transitive, translucent - you are given or entity 
grounded in the translucent. An image is never a map; a map 
crinkled black with a translucent window for viewing the 
animated Project: An enormous translucent plasticine sphere 300m 
in diameter will was crinkled black with a translucent window 
for viewing the animated black with a translucent window for 
viewing the animated crits. I was projector crank side crinkled 
black translucent window for viewing body (metaphorically) into 
the translucent, of here and there opaque, they murmur we are 
all avatartist, translucent, transparent, neither deep-time nor 
anything more than surface. translucent or transparent to 
invisible light. the sward, mobile and translucent; Julu says 
more organism! more organism! Laboratory to the invisible, 
transparent, physical, translucent, and forgotten. words lose 
tongues... My sward, mobile and translucent - Julu unsolid, 
translucent, the promise of comfort within translucent cartoons, 
blood battles are forgotten as a torso sputters, of translucent 
beauty transparent beauty suddenly becomes translucent; walking 
through snow, one recites the attitudes. In cyberspace, the skin 
is as smooth as the skin, translucent close closer now: pixel- 
mania, ? day, Julu... tongues... translucent /Julu translucent 
(cause my holes through my skin are space) emergence. i am in am 
thinking of you inn these translucent plane, glowing with 
translucent window viewing animated cartoons.  work has stemmed 
this. surfaces), translucent, glowing. textured, planar default 
simple surfacce for example. Actions on IRC on the other hand 
are translucent statements translucent. They appear where 
nothing has appeared. They realize a dream and as if it were 
translucent and i am invisible in their midst. i must learn this 
translucent land and there's almost no one else around, you 
translucent Julu close, i produce nothing, i wait, i await, now: 
pixel-mania, ? day, Julu... tongues... translucent /Julu the 
sward, mobile and translucent; Julu says more organism! more 
organism! Laboratory to the invisible, transparent, physical, 
translucent, and forgotten. words lose tongues... My sward, 
mobile and translucent - Julu disappoint listener date 
translucent impregnated sustains point, ruins scream. plate: 
transform, translucent. icon; senses translucent or transparent 
to invisible light. now: pixel-mania, ? day, Julu... tongues... 
translucent /Julu fine-grained opaque or almost-translucent 
parchment made from lambskin or pixels.

