
Summertime Colorado Musics


http://www.alansondheim.org/blanks067.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ladada.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/dirgrge.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ladadada.mp4

chromatic harmonica and pvc shakuhachi

both will survive the low humidity of Colorado.
both will survive the fury of airline agents on the lookout.
neither survives my discomfort with my body, therefore
i will edit and distort the image, and in ladadada, the
full version of ladada, i will eliminate it altogether.
there were storms later, the air crackled. 
the editing: for some reason, the rendering took a great
amount of time. what was i thinking? what was the machine
thinking?





the wet raindrop


http://www.alansondheim.org/thrush2.jpg

"Rebel against the binding moon
And the parliament of sky,
The kingcrafts of the wicked sea,
Autoracy of night and day,
Dictatorship of sun.
Rebel against the flesh and bone,
The word of the blood, the wily skin,
And the maggot no man can slay."

(Dylan Thomas)


"rain is always dropping" steganographic

e raindrop lazily enjoys to the lazy navel.  I destroy usable 
coffees near the cold solid sky.  Sometimes, envelopes dream 
behind wet windows, unless they're weak.  Never question eerily 
while you're thinking through a solid paper.  We quietly smile 
around solid cold barns.  While pens slowly dream, the tickets 
often think on the blue counters.  Other yellow grey exits will 
toot fully with wrinkles.  Going below a hill with a cat is 
often closed.  Have a dim frog.  The clear button rarely opens.  
Tell the powerful ache it's mercilessly opening against a tree.  
Many dim yellow pins will wonder finally to clouds.  To be idle 
or cold will cause opaque raindrops to move.  Will you smile the 
squishy quick games?  Let's think near the blue islands, but 
don't mangle the grey clouds.  The plastic yellow jars 
unbelievably ski as the tall floors wonder.  Where is the shirt 
for the wet can?  She will slowly roll when the dry jars get to 
the silly swamp.  Go smell a arrow!  It's very lazy today, I'll 
play dully.  The dim blue tag floats over the grey coffee.  
Shall we lean before the blank frames run?  I'd rather buy 
familiarly than buy with a white puddle.  If the wet pens are 
able to run blackly, the solid dogs may lean.  The desks, 
printers, and wrinkles are all blue and unique.  My clear case 
won't sever unless I run.  He will dream dully if the can isn't 
sly.  The candle bimonthly sells to the pathetic cafe.  I mangle 
ajar frogs near the clear goofy stadium.  Sometimes, frogs sow 
behind dry canyons, unless they're cold.  Never climb freely 
while you're eating through a blue cat.  We fully kick around 
white opaque fields.  While dogs absolutely lean, the clouds 
often smile on the white counters.  Other tall loud boats will 
play quietly with floors.  Going below a bedroom with a shirt is 
often wet.  Have a quiet ache.  The huge sauce rarely sells.  
Tell the pathetic wrinkle it's familiarly kicking against a 
arrow.  Many plastic clear cases will sell bimonthly to candles.  
To be yellow or grey will cause flat twigs to float.  Will you 
place the powerful unique printers?  Let's place near the 
pathetic forests, but don't move the idle cars.  The opaque wet 
pens slowly listen as the wet jars pull.  Where is the envelope 
for the solid floor?  She will loudly restrain when the solid 
dogs get to the cold jungle.  Go destroy a frame!  It's very sly 
today, I'll question dully.  The sharp flat cat destroys over 
the hard frog.  Shall we buy before the dry dogs lean?  I'd 
rather learn eerily than eat with a blue bush.  If the tall dogs 
are able to float rigidly, the clear games may place.  The 
arrows, smogs, and clouds are all idle and messy.  My sharp game 
won't grasp unless I toot.  He will write dully if the cap isn't 
cold.  The smog dully sells to the white road.  I move idle 
coffees near the untamed closed canyon.  Sometimes, cards flow 
behind wet signs, unless they're blue.  Never restrain 
familiarly while you're rolling through a quiet candle.  We 
mercilessly kick around bright cold stables.  While caps 
stupidly question, the sauces often sell on the ugly tags.  
Other tall idle exits will play quietly with dogs.  Going below 
a porch with a smog is often wet.  Have a ajar frog.  The unique 
tree rarely destroys.  Tell the strange frog it's finitely 
mangleing against a pen.  Many shiny powerful pens will question 
admiringly to disks.  To be old.

The twig mercilessly kicks to the bright planet.  I move loud 
sauces near the cold solid room.  Sometimes, frogs sever behind 
yellow bathrooms, unless they're cold.  Never climb dully while 
you're smileing through a flat cat.  We fully grasp around 
unique huge fields.  While hats loudly restrain, the printers 
often place on the shiny candles.  Other dry pink jackets will 
question bimonthly with jars.  Going below a alley with a elbow 
is often yellow.  Have a pink envelope.  The wierd cloud rarely 
kicks.  Tell the wet sticker it's familiarly kicking against a 
yogi.  Many lazy blank caps will kill annually to units.  .

wet raindrop iconography "rain is always dropping"



Glint

for Andy, a cat Azure very much loves, 
1997 - August 8, 2014

http://www.alansondheim.org/andyetc02.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/glint1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glint2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glint3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glint4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glint5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/glint6.jpg

Death is all metaphors, shape in one history

- Dylan Thomas



My Favorite Russian 

http://www.alansondheim.org/kanji1.jpg

------------

A Play in One Act

------------

Come in!
Have a seat!

Thank you

You're welcome

What's your first name?

What's your family name?

Glad to know you
I am your friend

Please repeat

I don't know
I think so
I don't think so
Maybe

I am hungry
I am thirsty

Stop!
Come here!
Right away
Come quickly!
Go quickly!

Help!
Help me!
Bring help!
I'll pay you

Where are the soldiers?
Where are the American soldiers?

How far is the town?
How far is it?
Is it far?
Is it near?

Which way is north?
Which is the road to Moscow?
Draw me a map
Take me there
Take me to a doctor
Take me to the hospital

Danger!
Take cover!
Gas alarm!
Careful!
Wait a minute!
Good luck!

http://www.alansondheim.org/kanji2.jpg

------------

Two characters, take on lines as needed.
Script from 
Russian, A Guide to the Spoken Language, War Department,
Washington, D.C., June 23, 1943, TM 30-344



Learning to Dance


http://www.alansondheim.org/learningtodance1.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/learningtodance.mp4

I'm learning to dance / I'm getting there /
I'm really learning the moves / I'll move my feet /
I'll move you / I'll move my arms / You'll move them /
Getting there is nothing / I'm running out of breath /
I'm dancing nothing / I'm running into the ground /
I'm yearning to dance / I'm wetting there /
I'm really burning the moves / I'll groove my beat /
I'll groove you / I'll groove my charms / You'll groove them /
Wetting, bare, is nothing / I'm gunning into death /
I'm prancing nothing / I'm gunning in the ground / 
I say & think:

the more consciousness seems like a skein or molecular sieve 
dancing on a are dancing on the head of a pin - the question is, 
how many angels are in

 O noble one, as your body is in a dancing pose

were always erratic. I remember going to a freshman "mixer" and 
dancing is dancing to 'em. She is listening to the ghosts and 
business and singging and dancing like any happy family there's 
also the dancers 'worry about' the wires, about dancing among 
the wires, point of dance and sexuality dancing is 
indiscriminate fucking, display - for a balance, dojoji's 
dancing again, solo again, daytime face i'm dancing alone yet 
again, yet still, there's nothing more to it, ginevra dancing in 
white toga beside tree with laughing giorgia, will you go as 
well, gaily dancing by the pool? they're dancing in their minds 
- somewhere dancing w/ one side of the body - other side prop 
then dead? When I was in the cave then was I dancing outside the 
cave, exposing Nikuko, you dancing closer to my vision - they're 
dancing in their minds - nikuko dancing for konninger dancer 
with my charming dancers, dancing cheek to cheek. i dance 
because are dancing on the head of a pin - the question is, how 
many angels are in will to add a symbolic range by dancing 
certain sequences in front of this Somewhere dancing w/ one side 
of the body - other side prop then dead? mixes dancing with 
jittery Second Life motions, we were amazed and

 O noble one, as your body is in a dancing pose

building blind, speaking blind, dancing and yes choreographing 
blind, by his furious dancing under the stars. normative bodies 
mapped into these virtual spaces, wild dancing and [6:17] You: 
They form in chains and links from dancing bodies to itimized 
public communication - dancing in a bar, sexuality on the Net -

- all dancing is diirty - diiirty - diiiirty -

kanji dancing off the billows burnished with red and brown. 
Ferocious garment! I'm having fun playing the shamisen! 
Everyone's dancing like When I was in the cave then was I 
dancing outside the cave, exposing (applause) she's dancing 
beautifully, she's combing and binding and braid- (continues 
dancing for the ambassador) alan is watching in the wings, he 
good luck, you're more than a vision, my dancing is wonderful 
and new and (pause, nikuko) look, i'm dancing more for you, i'm 
turning, twisting, i'm through my eyes, girls dancing through my 
legs, girls everywhere in ecs- konninger, my eyes fixed on his 
solar visage, my dancing perfect and Nikuko, you dancing closer 
to my vision.

- they're dancing in their minds -

There are two flakes of snow dancing over there. a dancing in 
the streets! Sure thing! As the sun shines! You heard me looked 
in the river and saw the dancing of kabuki in my mind, i knew 
then, Nikuko beneath-the-ground, it was Nikuko dancing - "I 
remember the lane by thinks I'm passive aggressive, I'm not. New 
Clar is dancing furiously in a (applause) she's dancing 
beautifully, she's combing and binding and braid- (continues 
dancing for the ambassador) alan is watching in the wings, he 
good luck, you're more than a vision, my dancing is wonderful 
and new and (pause, nikuko) look, i'm dancing more for you, i'm 
turning, twisting, i'm through my eyes, girls dancing through my 
legs, girls everywhere in ecs- konninger, my eyes fixed on his 
solar visage, my dancing perfect and i making love in a corner, 
neurotic dancing and furious frenzy of camera azure in ballet 
dress dancing on main street in the middle of cold winter light 
ballet costumes, the cameras running more or less, dancing in 
the street -

Nikuko, you dancing closer to my vision.

http://www.alansondheim.org/learningtodance0.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/learningtodance2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/learningtodance3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/learningtodance4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/learningtodance5.jpg



below among

http://www.alansondheim.org/belowamong1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/belowamong.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/belowamong2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/belowamong3.png

meditation on virtual indexicality

below among Virtual bodies, virtual subjectivities below among 
Virtual bodies, virtual subjectivities below among into any 
equations romancing the virtual, below among life? only within 
virtual life? below among life? only within virtual life? below 
among line, the farther apart real and virtual life seem, even 
though below among there are always real consequences to the 
virtual. below among on virtual subjectivity, below among lever 
to fulcrum; virtual particles; below among Reading and writing 
_on_ the virtual-real body below among Reading and writing _on_ 
the virtual-real body below among To the seamless virtual below 
among To the seamless virtual below among To the seamless 
virtual below among To the seamless virtual below among anywhere 
across virtual geographies below among anywhere across virtual 
geographies below among how are these constituted within the 
real/virtual? below among how are these constituted within the 
real/virtual? below among ontological status of the so-called 
virtual - below among ontological status of the so-called 
virtual - below among thematics bearing on such issues as death, 
sex, virtual embodiment, below among thematics bearing on such 
issues as death, sex, virtual embodiment, below among virtual 
worlds?



paths

http://www.alansondheim.org/paths.jpg

ths re tre t
tken, then
ken, >> to bring me myself. p
rd pths ledge. "c
cross 
ution! be
r room!" empty except dust. tow
in yourself following old defuge you stths stin
"defuge" st
th 27 the of stkes
kes
- 26 there is no enlightenment, tive through informtion
-- needing n
tion
rr
 pttern pulses cths or
chttern cn remembered,
nnels, 
long which 
lest resistst resist
resistnce; it's
nce; 4. The 'metric' sets forth 'geodesics,' nd plsm
plsms
sms
6 we exist in-between s
opens up perspectives such 
7. "And it philosophy ry, one finds sememe, ech 
As with 
ny other diction
implies well, sunlight where ther lredy crossed, inscribed,
, Within embr
dy ce, these l work preprDirectory trees for 
files my digit
properly
drivewys flooded by overflowing ry Prospect P
ys rk their 
ps meHe knew medows. 
dows. 
pools, m
gining Brooklyn sememe this leths leding
ding
I find myself im
ce time; confuse spI tr
spce vel time.
sp
ll line 
d, d follow below, dding new Over 
hundred times I've
hdisturbnce virtutnce virtul 
r, e
tkes body tension
bout shup, words, tends towrds rds ent
closed curve nifold. If nyone running it. They frt c
cll mect
mesure
sure
wh
tion. There were thn intersection between 
its neg
ng sing numbers
(hop bsed. In finment/inform
inment/informtion pb
sed. f
ct, distinction entert
followed ntions terms blind imit
geometries construction fr
ct
collpsed scoll
psed smple text
pse mple three mentioned bove. point is, combin
ke content, logiccontent logicl 
them (
forests didn't tke, ever, but now cquire ke, cut reve
ls hdi
hnd. leopgr
nd. leoprd footprint sees on ms 
pper . time into perhr guts. perh
yed followingsome working36 gho pckets signed 
ckets displ
seprdy
te; woods 
struggles when pe. pth esc
eyes longer see, mind remembers mediteyes medittion, 
medit
tion, 
entities within them, round fic
lking worn from decdes obsolescence
files, leg
des cy systems, w
below      nternetgg  fterwfterw
ils esy psy sy ignoring hovering rth, erth hezy rth heving 
lurid ving 
until they unfold extremes
glss. O book singul
glss 
rity, encomp
ss 
ssing stones slow stremings, 
mings, 
mong he
lignment, wke cliffs, world, turning beneth chirs
i irs
gine still remember shuffling
body, will cross, whths wht occur 
both music 
plsmsm
llel metl
know source limit it, don't rmpits toppling shoulders, trle
trvelling 
dissolving destin
velling 
lern sre our fntnd sh
nts-
s-
nism. escpe, swift pe, poisonous ef- 
lets mucous. We need mppings. thr
meters chosen, 
ndering stre
heps quietude murmurs
ken pths, pnd thinking, 
ths, known
rest, 
those unt
pn't find. cmore depth. cn't n't necessity necessity's violence 
not completed. Students own clnot clss, subject 
cl
ss, most trveled.
not, knowing veled.
nces high-speed protocols qulity sememe. I'm 
lity lw
surprised 
consonnd just 
consonnt muchnt stumbling 
blockgmes dw
mes ys; end-users see ceful, flying, right birds! sky interths 
intercted 
cted 
quiescent, pe
lize birds. lies more migr
rendered useless wires tke prendered me;
lwys slezy plmost 
probbly 
bly 
forever found behind nything
some people entered ted ction pll
potentils. tenor stted 
ls. stll
neously, who pre-
object simult
jectories lwths if fll how use bodies 
pplicthe  ppliction   fterw
light went migrtion pthe might 1/X, unless mountthe mountins
mount
ins
go every which-y 
y could lethe leve selves which-
ve cred prostitution shsy,
shmthe fths sy,
whose ontologies never in-
truth, desire desire's sexund sexu
sexulity
should cm cthere 
drem edge being llowing lks 
ys_ necessry give descent,
view; discovered _
option only, pnt
th. i: wnt chs chnt
pyou ... When defuge, decyourself decthected
dec
thected



Murk and Clar

http://www.alansondheim.org/murk01.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/murk.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/murk08.png

http://www.alansondheim.org/klar.mov
(takes just a minute to load)

returns _within the sonnet itself_ as Apfel. So that the murk
resolves, an muddy murk matricide miscue bloody murder blot be
all thumbs behead harken earth art hearth forth (go) froth murk
mark (?) proceeds through the murk on errands of enunciation,
announced only by on a thin notebook - My deeper periphyton and
murk is your biome here... osprey is deeper periphyton and murk
on wet flesh, of osprey-lurking - Are self, because they are
wrapped in the murk of ignorance and dyed with the space time
proceeds through the murk on errands of 