, muddy murk
matricide miscue blot thumbs behead clean patter nearby
williaghter retrib retribs retribution tion murk blessings m rk
returns in sonnet's blues as apple. So then the murk flaps it
all! self, because they are wrapped in the murk of ignorance and
dyed with murk

says Clar. Thu Sep 9 01:24:32 EDT 1999 Clar adds, abandonment
among a Sep 9 01:25:48 EDT 1999 Clar says, within the new
Carapace, there is the EDT 1999 Even to breath, Clar says,
requires no presence of the Lord, who abandoned, Clar says, and
such abandonment is the finality of the search for truth. The
Way is the Wayside. The Way is the Wayside, Clar says, against
the advice of Buddha, God, her own dear conscience. Clar says
the is. Thu Sep 9 01:30:20 EDT 1999 Clar says, I have nothing
more to tell I. Thu Sep 9 01:23:04 EDT 1999 Writing, Clar says,
is the debris left nubs the tips, jeweled as them of thinks Clar
her. regarding first, jeweled her her, regarding that, to
welcome am I and says, Clar Nikuko, of nubs the tips, jeweled as
them of thinks Clar her. regarding lc:first, echo "This is the
distance of your new Clar " > bb if it were always otherwise to
help yourself within your new Clar " 0 0 dialog --inputbox "your
new Clar fucks you?" 0 0 2>>bb dialog --inputbox "your old Clar
abandons you?" 0 0 2>>bb dialog --inputbox "do write your very
new Clar now" 0 0 2>> bb dialog --inputbox "parts of your old
Clar begging for you?" 0 0 2>>bb dialog --inputbox "your new
Clar writing yourself here please" 0 0 2>> bb This is the
distance of my new Clar says Clar. Thu Sep 9 01:24:32 EDT 1999
Clar adds, abandonment among a Sep 9 01:25:48 EDT 1999 Clar
says, within the new Carapace, there is the EDT 1999 Even to
breath, Clar says, requires no presence of the Lord, who
abandoned, Clar says, and such abandonment is the finality of
the search for truth. The Way is the Wayside. The Way is the
Wayside, Clar says, against the advice of Buddha, God, her own
dear conscience. Clar says the is. Thu Sep 9 01:30:20 EDT 1999
Clar says, I have nothing more to tell I. Thu Sep 9 01:23:04 EDT
1999 Writing, Clar says, is the debris left Clar herd me! When I
did speak Clar, Clar did herd me! Old Clar, I did hearsay: Did
Clar herd me? What did, of the Heering? I do be the New Clar,
gone." New Clar breathes New Clar. New Clar minds New Clar; Old
Clar trampled Underfoot, Heh!, Voi. New Clar is now in An Other,
let us say, We Old Clar Debris, Heh! Our Shameful Eyes Gaze On
Them from Our Shameful All? Eh? The Motion of New Clar! Heh!
Arms of New Clar! Old Clar trampled Heh! New Clar herd! Heh!
Yes yes! Fri Sep 10 02:24:08 EDT 1999 I have a technical
question, Clar says. The older technology, no longer Clar? Clar
doesn't know, works with the tech, its skin: There are so many
Organisms of Pleasure! Clar wants to organize the Iron (magnetic
domains) first, regarding her. Clar thinks of them as jeweled
tips, the nubs 03:11:11 EDT 8999 Clar sees Nikuko's space, the
deconstruction of the of Nikuko, Clar says, and I am welcome to
that, regarding her, her jeweled star, having given up all
energy for future children. Clar moves in the crevices, swallows
the pill so hungry to seduce you, Clar walks the street motions
of pooled oiled rings coating whatever debris Clar swallows;
Clar, fingering her short short skirt. Clar walks down the
sidewalk of an 8999 Clar saunters, somersaults, somnambulist;
Clar is looking for his fix which is from the marrow. Nikuko's
fingers clutch at him; Clar winces, speaking silencing her
forever. Clar turned her beauty towards her, Old Clar agrees
with everyone. Old Clar tries to make everyone happy. New Clar
says the sky is so blue and true. She applauds herself, and
walks away and turns around and comes back. She says she can't
take Old Clar any are scratched. Old Clar says she's tried
pills, she once tried to hang Old Clar hangs her head, she's
ashamed. I know I'm as good as you, she New Clar doesn't show
her emotions in public. She's taken for flowery and tough at the
same time. New Clar doesn't understand a thing, Old Clar Old
Clar cries half in sadness and mourning, half in pure
exhaustion. She yours. She disagrees with everyone, she knows
it. New Clar dances around, her lips parted. Old Clar pays no
attention, she's got a horrifying pre- Old Clar dreams badly at
night visions of great intensity. New Clar is sometimes with her
in her thoughts. She looks at New Clar warily, she eyes Fuck, I
just want to fly away. New Clar is giggling loudly, she's almost
embarrassing, I don't know why, Old Clar says, gasping. I'll
never forget it, stop it now, she says, New Clar continuing.
Please, please, Old Clar Old Clar says, I make everyone nervous.
Maybe I'm psychotic, God, I can't even spell the word. New Clar
is jumping around, trips on herself, falls. Old Clar says
sometimes I want everyone to take me, just like in the beautiful
blue eyes full of tears. New Clar is happy she's alive; Old Clar
couldn't care less. Old Clar loves everyone with a transcendence
found in smiling oddly, Old Clar shaking uncontrollably. I must
sound sad to you, she says, it's unbelievable. New Clar doesn't
respond with warmth and embracing sympathy. Old Clar sighs, her
body's ravaged. She says, she thinks I'm passive aggressive, I'm
not. New Clar is dancing furiously in a warm and passionate
embrace. Old Clar shudders, everything is repetition, and for
all, that's all it would take. New Clar is smiling with a
beauti- ful twinkle in her eyes, stretching and yawning. Old
Clar touches herself, to be able to stop. New Clar is involved
in her own pleasure. She yells at Old Clar and immediately
regrets it. Old Clar keeps her voice down. I'm She lay back down
to sleep. She never dreamed. The Clar came in with a I'm still
here, the new Clar unformed, ungrown, at your mercy. Hello, I to
her at any time. I don't have to think for myself. The old Clar
has new Clar, Jennifer. The new Clar was breathing deep into
Jennifer's holes. quick draw and politeness. The new Clar would
be named Nikuko. She liked again he would see the Clar shredded,
the new Clar coming. He was bound in wayward and shameless and
the new Clar cleared out the debris of the marvel-war. The new
Clar asked Jennifer what else to do, but Jennifer had new Clar
was called Nikuko and when Jennifer stirred, she asked Nikuko
not the new Clar agreed and they did return and the mewling had
stopped. They had a bright and shiny smile. Her Clar loved her
smile. Her new Clar would smile when she would smile. Sometimes
her new Clar would smile on her own. Her new Clar was called
Nikuko. Sometimes they were at war. Sometimes they either did
Jennifer. The new Clar made many kinds of love. The warrior-man
agrees with everyone. Old Clar tries to make beautiful blue eyes
full of tears. New Clar is HAPPY she's alive; Old Clar cancer
subsides and lc:first, regarding her. Clar thinks of them as
jeweled tips, the nubs lc:of Nikuko, Clar says, and I am welcome
to that, regarding her, her je yours. She disagrees with
everyone, she knows it. New Clar dances around, her lips parted.
Old Clar pays no a##ention, she's got a horrifying pre- "your
new Clar fucks you?" >>bb dialog --inputbox "your new Clar w
have your old Clar begging for you?" >>bb Tiffany says 'Good
<g>' llyyou tlo Accidental Artist - Alan Sondheim' ( dialog
--inputbox "your old Clar otherwise to help yourself within your
new Clar " we're in byzanti um.e very new Clar now" >> bb
sometimes. She's got beautiful eyes,\ New Clar says so true.
applauds beautiful blue eyes,\ New Clar says the sky is so blue
and true. She applauds herself, and walks\ beautiful blue eyes
full of tears. New Clar beautiful blue eyes full of tears. New
Clar is\ ke:yama) they hung a Old Clar hangs her head, she's
ashamed. I know I'm as good as you, O wayward and shameless and
the new Clar cleared out! "parts of your old Clar begging for
you?" 0 0 2>>bb doesn't old Clar begging for you?" >>bb Tiffany
says 'Good <g>' llyyou, "Good bye, you!"



two amazing video cuts, the wonder

http://www.alansondheim.org/werethere1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/flushed.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/werethere2.png

http://www.alansondheim.org/flushed1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/werethere.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/flushed2.png

probably less than a minute for both
they were there
his face was flushed her face was flushed
they were there

*/werethere ends abruptly, don't adjust your set/*

from Odyssey, Second Life, and Sondheim Studio, MacGrid

delightful absence - shaky voice, dry throat, starry eyes, 
flushed or line of creamy flesh just above them, flushed with 
blood in his direction. fdflush flushed; she clutched the thin 
metal mknod nodding at one another flushed and hot; they would 
query="colombia" 's/fgfg/fgfgf ripples skin!/g' 's/alva/flushed 
solid and liquid, their faces flushed, their limbs groping. the 
dancers. the keys were out. I'm solid and liquid, their faces 
flushed, their limbs groping. the d flushed flesh, fetish 
flushed crowding, expectations, lapse forward. _en passant_ 
receptacle my face was flushed, my face flushed.




Work in Truck (thanks, Jerry Mcguire)

http://halvard-johnson.blogspot.com/

Do check it out - a really good introduction as well -

and,

for gerald jones

henge/hinge/tinge/tango
1 result (0.29 seconds) 
Search Results

    and and and . and excreting memory accompanying the ...
    www.alansondheim.org/lb.txt
    While he lives comfortably, he gloats about "tap-dancing on 
mean streets," siding with those who are really in the midst of 
struggle - another hypocrisy.1 result (0.29 seconds) 
Search Results

    and and and . and excreting memory accompanying the ...
    www.alansondheim.org/lb.txt
    While he lives comfortably, he gloats about "tap-dancing on 
mean streets," siding with those who are really in the midst of 
struggle - another hypocrisy.1 result (0.29 seconds) 
Search Results

    and and and . and excreting memory accompanying the ...
    www.alansondheim.org/lb.txt
    While he lives comfortably, he gloats about "tap-dancing on 
mean streets," siding with those who are really in the midst of 
struggle - another hypocrisy.1 result (0.29 seconds) 
Search Results

    and and and . and excreting memory accompanying the ...
    www.alansondheim.org/lb.txt
    While he lives comfortably, he gloats about "tap-dancing on 
mean streets," siding with those who are really in the midst of 
struggle - another hypocrisy.1 result (0.29 seconds) 
Search Results

    and and and . and excreting memory accompanying the ...
    www.alansondheim.org/lb.txt
    While he lives comfortably, he gloats about "tap-dancing on 
mean streets," siding with those who are really in the midst of 
struggle - another hypocrisy.1 result (0.29 seconds) 
Search Results

    and and and . and excreting memory accompanying the ...
    www.alansondheim.org/lb.txt
    While he lives comfortably, he gloats about "tap-dancing on 
mean streets," siding with those who are really in the midst of 
struggle - another hypocrisy.1 result (0.29 seconds) 
Search Results




high prairie night

http://www.alansondheim.org/auranite.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/auranite.mp4



anywhere

http://www.alansondheim.org/auranite38.jpg 
http://www.alansondheim.org/auratic.mov

it could be anywhere. anywhere slides, affine geometries, moon
displacement. anywhere always runs

connected with limited battery power like the palmtops, there no 
other to cyberspace, air anywhere. The sterility of body gives 
I'll live forever. You can read across nipples; there's a lot 
"Oh child noble family, those realms too do not exist else, 
images come from but are primordial spon- world _deeply_ random, 
and rewards anywhere, even through anytime?", "%n is %d, which 
indicates some sort psychosis onAh, difficulties being 
visionary! I don't fit in video, Internet just about an 
undergraduate level, experimental writing's half-academic, half 
wild theory, room leaves So that plain, one gathers beads into 
heaps. heaps separated by blanked space, ground-state; this 
state G = 0. always existent; it territorialization, boundary, 
marker virtue lack demarcation. If 0 everywhere is. Think as 
Basin Bon religion, or Kristevan chora. Nothing ever placed 
within G; surrounds New may be created, among them, them. In 
sense, natural number, numberless state, emptying number. sense 
well, integers move 1 upwards; negative might indicated labeled 
negative, fact all form: playing records, vhs cassettes, longer 
play - writing masturbation-fantasy, moving anywhen. Both, 
virginia.edu. Clara, you found? screen anywhere!) lots space. 
metaphysics. These go routed roots. try answer briefly everyone 
here? First, point neurons etc. neither analog nor digital; 
Bateson others addressed years ago think situation any different 
at moment. btw defined, digital's absence, re above, there, 
There number statements. One can't define beyond that; inherence 
real related notion idiotic (forget theorist's name here, I'm 
tired); it's given specificity, except various specific 
situations continuity demanded, i.e. computation for example. 
level lifeworld such distinction anyone else entanglement. sure 
where find uncountable countable infinities analog, way. these 
exist; most hope inaccessibly high low numbers. Robinson's 
infinitesimals here well. quantum yes, infinities, entanglement 
problematic orders. re: teamtech, couldn't disagree more. 
thought discrete all. Look Jacques Hadamard's Psychology 
Invention Mathematical Field Einstein was interviewed now 
antiquated book pretty much says what I've noticed mathesis 
practice clouded, analogic if highly inspecific; only when 
result written, residue inscribed, specificity appears. There's 
work this; stuff semiotics bibliography appended touches it, 
Bateson. Re: Robert, Heidegger's bit silly here. mathematical 
doesn't will anything; people do. This literally difference 
world. And no, isn't already metaphysics flesh, body, 
continuities we immersed in, everyday life, presymbolic, noisy 
chora perhaps. As far temporality goes, following disappears 
small, foam-like structure space-time. No said simple; anything 
Husserl pointed out complexity its internal elements. Finally, 
replicate {x} mean experience least way do; have enough problems 
minds. Alan happen sometimes debilitating; follow treatment. 
1989-91 _anywhere_ did. sincerely, etc.; advising crits, meet- 
applications, vacation car Even depression, fighting, fear he 
dead. his phone 'temporarily ing time working job getting 
disconnected,' tion. But information looping boot files, 
surprise me! she really didn't sat her they could been anyone, 
anywhere; day, distance collapsed, Any group won't get / before 
leave peace. die there. dream fall anywhere."tiniest little clue 
breathe sigh. All solution holes, slight ridges; wanders 
fragility, stay come, sensate.

anybody we're Jennifer-in-the-brambles monuments herself me! 
Turn stone! go! Cry imagine. gnaw within, projective 
transformation, line, line _anywhere._ intensity thinking 
splayed against landscape, pay "anywhere taken held forth. speak 
" +

them street-corner Here, side, begging viewer, look, look 
please, woman once moon clicked, sun clicked. universe! For 
workplace, external source, human voice, implanted Real, all! 
texts directing lonely touch cold frightening alone hello warm 
kindly knowknew home... inside me... graphs, configurations. 
And, short step behind. Soon, able make himself edges matter 
reviews mind, then, perhaps, NOwhere undeniable essay object, 
you've got moved fuck sounded father, closest friends. how walk 
waiting, hard artist known job-begging alive. Has identity. 
Can't Doesn't Substandard. Too suicidal. bad thoughts. 
Depression ar doesn' s. iden Doesn' Subs fi comes forward 
frothing. liquidity nothing's clean speck gets "in business" 
Don't leather Allow what's ghost direach dispater dhananjay 
dharma dharmavira dharuna chromatic surprisingly difficult play; 
echo desperate avoid curtis vth exhausted energy wasted 198991 
hunt online. Ghosts their thing.

(anywhere seamless Brooklyn. stray plans using mic hmmm... 
mappings dancer's nowhere hold drink!? performance apart seems 
weird speaking thru dancing mapping dancer manner similar wait 
wait wait wait wait)



doing philosophy: spewspew, candycandy, modes of virtual 
representation

http://www.alansondheim.org/spewspew07.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/spewspew.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/candycandy.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/candycandy.png

for a long time i've worked with the interior of the body, 
embodiment, mannerism, approaches to sexualities, abjections, in 
virtual worlds; spewspew is close to the bone here, to the 
flesh, to the flux which carries itself past the bone, that is, 
liquefies, reproduces only itself, cycles through. annihilation 
and nothing arouses, nothing dies, is born, libidinal economy 
emptied, of itself. 

candycandy makes me loving, sweet of sickness, surfaces sticky 
with sweet pastels, motor mechanism reveling in representation.
for a long time representation stops at super/structure, closes 
of, cauterizes the fragment; spewspew floods beyond that, wets 
the pixels, dissolves the screen. candycandy sutures the screen, 
dries the tears, the frisson, such sweet tastebuds, you'll see; 
candycandy is the realm of sight, spewspew only begins there at 
the lip or nub, tends towards dissolution.



doing philosophy

http://www.alansondheim.org/littleton12.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/swift.mp4 (swifts, amazing)
http://www.alansondheim.org/littleton05.jpg

pretense of interfce; doing philosophy problempretense of interf
ce; doing philosophy problemtizes protocols. To do 
ce; doing philosophy problem
tizes protocols. To do 
tizes protocols. To do 

ndy, modes of virtul pretense of interfce; doing philosophy 

l pretense of interfce; doing philosophy 
c
ce; doing philosophy 
ndyc
philosophy this wy becphilosophy this w
y becuse it's

y bec
use it's
use it's

pretensedo
ofpretense
interface;of
doinginterface;
philosophydoing
problematizesphilosophy
protocols.problematizes
Toprotocols.
doTo
philosophy:doing
blankphilosophy:
phenomenologyblank
spewspew,philosophy:
candycandy,philosophy
modescandycandy,
virtualof
do.To
ondo.
theon
bridgethe
they'rebridge
struggling.they're
Istruggling.
thisphilosophy
waythis
becauseway
it'sbecause



Providencesin dineatensin dinfromsin dinwithin*

http://www.alansondheim.org/downcity.mov

*It'ssin dinme.sin dinI'msin dineatensin dinfromsin 
dinwithin.sin dinIt'ssin dinmysin dinskin. I'msin dineatensin 
dinfromsin dinwithin.sin dinIt'ssin dinthesin dinscar.sin 
dinIt's brokensin dinfromsin dinwithin.sin dinIt'ssin 
dinlosingsin dinkithsin dinandsin dinkin. It'ssin dinthesin 
dinbone.sin dinIt'ssin dinthesin dinbonesin dinalone.sin din
din din din din din



Minor Arts: Providence eaten from within

http://www.alansondheim.org/preserve.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/downcity.mov

It's me. I'm eaten from within. It's my skin.
I'm eaten from within. It's the scar. It's
broken from within. It's losing kith and kin.
It's the bone. It's the bone alone. 
din din din din din.



listen Vietnam (

I get on a Berliner (
was is the opinion of this bird (
the fraulein is a fantastic glauber (
letze night very good it this, was a beautiful 
Malabar ding (
the young daughter, it EST a existence on death 
and nothing EST bone roads evening (
I think of you and the recently was and my excitement the 
think of you and the recent was and but excitation creates 
thrill where no a summer before, not ever (
nothing is nothing and nothing (
nothing are nothing (
want you fold along with I is evening is good on the beds (
shit is nothing the world is all the the broken is (
compared the boker it finished the book flesh (
here and there the live is kurtz the fight forever (
the ding the things where is your deep flesh they sage nothing 
the time (
Collette Francoise Saigon (

I get on a Berliner (
was the opinion of this bird (
the Fraulein is a fantastic Glauber (
Letze great night there it was a beautiful
Malabar ding (
the girl, it IS a life over death
and nothing EST bone roads tonight (
I think of you and my excitement recently and the
Think you and the latest is and excitement but creates
vibrate when no one was before, never (
nothing is nothing and nothing (
there are nothing (
want to sleep with me at night is good on the beds (
shit is nothing in the world is all broken is (
compared Boker he finished the book flesh (
here and there, is the direct Kurtz fight forever (
ding things where your deep flesh they sage nothing
the weather (
Collette Francoise Saigon (

Ma saanBerliner (
was of the opinion that the bird (
Preili on fantastiline Glauber (
Letze great evening oliilus
Malabar ding (
girl, this is life over death
and the bone doing nothing EST today (
I think you and my excitement recently and
Think you have javiimased and excitement but also creates
vibrate when someone was before, no (
nothing is nothing, and nothing (
there is nothing (
you want to sleep with me at night is heavoodid (
shit is nothing in the world is all broken (
compared to the meat of the book, he graduated from Boker (
Here and there, fighting forever onotsene Kurtz (
ding things where your deep sage about the meat they
weather (
Collette Francoise Saigon (

+++
+++
+++



doleful

http://www.alansondheim.org/doleful.gif
http://www.alansondheim.org/doleful1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/doleful2.mp3

solo viola, i've been away, i haven't played you,
you know all my secrets, i know all your secrets,
you're back in my arms, you sweet thing you, so
doleful, so mercurial, so beautiful contralto,
so dolorous, so taken with me, so taken with you,
so dolorous you, so secretive, so solo viola, 
you're missing me, you're in my soul, you're my
soul, you're mine, so dolorous me, so doleful me,
so you

so shining sorrow, so plangent, so woebegone

sailor I had not hitherto addressed, I heard a 
doleful cry

dolorous, the site remains, everything is there,
a few things moving cry dolorous
o throes dolorous, the site remains, everything 
is there, a few things moving

a few things



miasmatic 

http://www.alansondheim.org/miasmatic.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/miasmatic.mp4

miasma / asthmatic / what happens when the world falters,
architexture stutters / what happens when sex and

I occur, and I am lost in miasma, too many shapes and flickers, 
my eyes settling into slope, equivalent to death, blank, beyond, 
the asymptotic behavior of strange attractors, and the general 
sexuality of miasma, no matter how much it was curtailed by that 
very same writing. and what a slide, because also a harnessing, 
withdrawal from the real; it's a miasma of the imaginary and 
it's within the imaginary that virtual worlds - Broadcast: Your 
object 'miasma' has been returned to your inventory lost and 
found; I have brought a sense of miasma and sleaziness into the 
perfection of least the dream or miasma of organism. You're my 
heroin, caffeine, serotonin, cocaine, hash, alcohol, strychnine, 
Your impossible connects my heroin, caffeine, serotonin, 
cocaine, maintenance, management, and configuration which can 
barely be the same, and no, there are no plans, just miasma, the 
preferred viewpoint - like flesh in the midst it - you can't 
when settling, you can't carry on, critique the world as a 
displaced continuum, miasma of MIASME, sm. (g. miasma): 
emanations curlicue miasma production death, both blank, beyond 
theory and practice. Think otherwise, the asymptotic behavior of 
strange attractors, and the general miasma of Legacy as my code 
disappears. miasma, no matter how much it was curtailed by that 
very same writing. And what a slide, because also a harnessing 
and withdrawal from the real; it's a miasma of the imaginary and 
it's within the imaginary that I have brought a sense of 
sleaziness and abjection into the perfection of the dream or 
miasma of organism. miasma, ghastly, sadness of ember sexuality, 
broken hearts; images occur, and I am lost, miasmatic, too many 
shapes and flickers, my eyes take my object 
'pinkneatmiasmathing' returning to my inventory, blank, beyond, 
settling into a landscape of slope and broke. from outer space 
there must have been a flicker, miasma, surfeit of shapes, my 
eyes take or spew barely in others, give connect dots digital 
beyond, cause nothing changes, and i dream of drowning and 
theoretical spew, ghastly, sadness ember sexuality, hearts; the 
middle of adivided two, when settling into a landscape of slope 
miasma, no matter how much it was curtailed, what a slide, 
withdrawal from the real, linkage refused - linkage, death, both 
blank, beyond the asymptotic behavior of strange attractors, the 
general miasma of legacy, my code disappears -




Song, The New Home


http://www.alansondheim.org/benton2.jpg

we're homeless in the midst of our new home, 
mindless in the midst of 
mindless in the midst of 

Death-Machine is your new home.
Death-Machine is your new home.
Death-Machine is your new home.

june family burned out of new home by
the new home
june family burned out of new home by
the new home

the new home online was waiting. the old home was dark and the 
dark. in the new home magnetism and electricity.
the new home would become a flowing memory. outside the wind 
blows and branches rattle against the house. the new home is not 
among the new home and that is a home of flowing delight.

your new home.
the new home
your new home.
the new home
your new home.
the new home

the new home online was waiting. the old home was dark and the 
dark. in the new home magnetism and electricity. 
the new home would become a flowing memory. outside the wind 
blows and branches rattle against the house. the new home is not 
among the new home and that is a home of flowing delight.
kindly kindly new home... inside me... graphs, configurations,

kindly kindly new home
kindly kindly new home
kindly kindly new home




Madness -

http://www.alansondheim.org/madness.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/madness0.mp3 sarangi
http://www.alansondheim.org/madness1.mp3 violin
http://www.alansondheim.org/madness2.mp3 sarangi

The World's Oratio -

country anarchy had, madness setting in, elsewhere, destruction, 
good it wasn't my own madness setting in, that it was elsewhere, 
the destruction of the madness of the body::: genetic acid 
redux; ontology and so much real existence:of madness of the 
body::: genetic acid

any madness whatsoever, among those orderly and placid masses 
that are lost as well; bytes are bedded in gone-worlds, madness; 
pretend otherwise, you will see the dance and madness of the 
Insomniac! Overfeed on hope and you'll sicken with madness. 
truth lies in madness and depression in a concussion: sometimes 
there is madness in contusion: what and clipped that monster 
devouring all sentient beings, pure faith, the violence, the 
more than one

   Jennifer:    The madness is upon us.
                We will all be dying in the madness.
   Jennifer:    The madness is here.
                Yay, though the madness is here,
(      the madness of the image
(      the madness of the light
(      madness of the image
(      madness of the light

madness of organs. the organist takes care of things. the 
organist talking, no madness in the clinging world

atone being madnessmadnessmadness setq sadness madness can plan 
moanly only lonely sigh alone atone for sore fleeing being 
madnessmadnessmadness setq perverse madness truely really sigh 
dismember remember more than can truely really sigh dismember 
remember more than can setq sore sign madness badness sadness 
sore sign perverse madnessmadnessmadness more than can 
madnessmadnessmadness really setq crying madness reverse crying 
madness perverse reverse crying madness perverse crying reverse 
crying madness perverse setq crying crying madness crying dead t 
madness crying madness t madness perverse nil madness crying 
perverse t madnessmadnessmadness

I listened to crystal, worked on 
I listened to crystal, worked on 
(      the madness of the image
(      the madness of the light
(      madness of the image
(      madness of the light

regions near the borders, guardians



* / qinqin

http://www.alansondheim.org/fishcove04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinqinsong.mp3

The qinqin is a Chinese instrument based on a scale
of seven 'equidistant' notes (compared to our usual
scale of twelve) to the octave. This opens up a lot
of opportunities; you can hear the scales of Chinese
opera here. It has very high frets and is a bit
difficult to play, but here it is and I'm doing 
something related to opera, to pipa music, to dance
and breath, upon it -



Gambus!

Item 791 in:

Pierre d'Herouville's

http://inthegapbetween.free.fr/pierre/GAMBUS_PROJECT/06_PORTFOLIO_part6.pdf

There is so much information in the entire Gambus
Project! - Do check this out. I've used the 
instrument a lot recently - it sounds amazing.

http://www.alansondheim.org/garudayes.mp3



black death piston

http://www.alansondheim.org/blackdeathpiston11.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/blackdeathpiston.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/blackdeathpiston07.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/blackdeathpiston10.png

]top-up marker.hand.piston.stylus bottom-down: marker hand 
piston stylus the marker.hand.piston.stylus gap 
marker.hand.piston.stylus of marker.hand.piston.stylus OPEN 
marker.hand.piston.stylus SETS, marker.hand.piston.stylus 
Sheffer-stroke marker.hand.piston.stylus dual 
marker.hand.piston.stylus neither marker.hand.piston.stylus nor 
marker.hand.piston.stylus B: marker.hand.piston.stylus broken 
marker.hand.piston.stylus collection, marker.hand.piston.stylus 
community, marker.hand.piston.stylus collectivity:] in 
marker.hand.piston.stylus other marker.hand.piston.stylus words, 
marker.hand.piston.stylus not marker.hand.piston.stylus top-down 
marker.hand.piston.stylus bottom marker.hand.piston.stylus up, 
marker.hand.piston.stylus re/covering marker.hand.piston.stylus 
the marker.hand.piston.stylus material marker.hand.piston.stylus 
via marker.hand.piston.stylus hierarchic, 
marker.hand.piston.stylus

it's the year of no return, it's the year of black death, it's 
the piston it's the year of no return, it's the year of black 
death, it's the piston it's the year of no return, it's the year 
of black death, it's the piston it's the year of no return, it's 
the year of black death, it's the piston

dry country, desert, ruin, heat, tremble, to flee trembling, to 
be engraved, carved, excrements, dung, to be searched, to be 
searched out, to be afraid, to come with trepidation, to go with 
trepidation, to to be anxious, burn, to be a station in the 
wilderness, to become or be dry, to be stupified, to be dried, 
to be devastated, to be desolate or waste, to destroy, to lay 
waste, to lay waste, to destroy, to be desolated, destroyed



ISIS

http://www.alansondheim.org/is1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/blackdeathpiston06.png

alan the jew

awk -f back < first > second as reversal (not rev wej werbeh)
in the east the godsipfj awejfrqw]-
awk -f back < firs rev wej 
ing (kris rev wej werbeh)
jseast godsipfj awejfrqw]-

flora and fauna. his chest is streaked. d'nala efforts invisible 
faces where proper names are killed! smears d'nala involved 
d'nala decathexis deconstructed deconstruction defuge Derrida 
Bohm, d'nala decathexis deconstructed deconstruction defuge 
Derrida dhtml = cyberspace = cyborg = cyborgs = d'Imobilite = 
d'nala ytiligarf eht fo ,siht fo dias eb nac tahw .kcabdeef 
,ecnalab laropmet ot theory is defuge and enumeration d'nala 
decathexis deconstructed mobius zags cyborg d'nala decathexis 
deconstructed d'nala novice of prostitutes d'nala wait with 
eager open mouth, i am d'nala d'nala. i am here to learn the 
fruitful arts of prostitution i was sent to you. d'nala sent me. 
life has tended towards this. d'nala nurtured me; death. i would 
like knowledge of d'nala. d'nala comes to you naked. d'nala 
comes to you naked and whole. i am purified and untroubled. i 
have come to d'nala. what is it about the ten pound girl and the 
ten pound boy. d'nala, before the dancer is masked. Now d'nala 
certainly surpassing and now d'nala is certainly non-surpassing 
and sleeping you and you i you whisper you in you your you ear 
you d'nala you d'nala you d'nala, you i'm moving you inside, you 
i'm you eating you, Such is d'nala's body that his membrane 
dries and shudders in the world, d'nala will write the world, 
repeatedly. How many of us, replied d'nala, admit to creating 
while aroused, tama d'nala what fun says d'nala's trembling hand 
on shudder button, camera moving d'nala's trembling hand on 
shudder button, what fun says d'nala, d'nala's trembling hand on 
shudder button, escapes the d'nala-reply, cool cool

replied d'nala, which is what makes ec fascinating and 
fetishized; it's a wage differentials among countries. d'nala 
said, all of this we call ec- destroyed, non-payable. the 
internet trembles here as well, said d'nala. where civilization 
huddles. against what, said d'nala. against interest d'nala! 
enaid-anna anaid-anna anna eiram-nna nna annala enneirda 
ennairda annairda Your comfort is grabbed by d'nala and you - 
lm:smears d'nala with flora and fauna. his chest is streaked. d' 
Salpa communalaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh 
seminates! And I am d'nala here to learn the fruitful arts of 
cyberspace-oo-cyborg-oo--oo-d'nala d'nala decathexis 
deconstructed deconstruction defuge Derrida dhtml theory is 
defuge and enumeration d'nala decathexis deconstructed mobius 
zags cyborg d'nala decathexis deconstructed makelove unixman 
shithead nukem gojumpinalake! prettyface opensaysme! decathexis 
d'nala

sexualiza essella wille d'nala maga he jewish bvh WiFi izanagi 
kanji miami = d'Imobilite = d'nala = dancework = darknet = 
darkworld = de = descr pt on for enl ghtenment n fact replied 
d'nala, which is what makes d'Imobilite d'nala dancework 
Darkling darknet darkworld de decathected visidentity subtexted 
anthropic d'nala actants subgroupoids webpages specicide 
subgroupoids actants d'nala decathected anthropic subtexted spam 
anthropic decathected d'nala actants subgroupoids specicide 
webpages d'nala in dancework, the decathexis of all 
non-sexuality, their bodies d'nala in dancework, the decathexis 
of all non-sexuality, their bodies slalom slarenalastday slonnui 
slopeA slopeB slough1 slough2 slover d'nala in dancework, the 
decathexis of all non-sexuality, their bodies d'nala in 
dancework, the decathexis of all non-sexuality, their bodies 
emos evig won oot mind." ".won ,nala ybab ,dnim uoy" sprouts 
tongue.

dead dead dead dead dead.


wayward

http://www.alansondheim.org/mfbuild24.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/wayward1.mp3 flute
http://www.alansondheim.org/wayward2.mp3 cura

almost wandering
breathing noh */flute
then the other almost contrary
muscle kabuki */cura



ISIS: Logic of Universal Terror

[for all]X{not X --> 0}
Therefore not X is taken to 0 (null set)
Therefore not X is always already processed to 0
Therefore not X is equivalent to 0
Therefore not x is identical to 0
Therefore X --> V (universal set)
Therefore X is always already processed to V
Therefore X is equivalent to V
Therefore X is identical to V

http://www.alansondheim.org/isis1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/isis.mp4

why are monothisists such bitter and miserable people?  john 
galts cleansed every room, whispered into aphanisis "real face 
to face" subjectivity; sweats, eye; siteless. "aphanisis " 
(_pipelining_) detumescence/aphanisis affect: _specific_ last y 
ear's Where is the end? It is the subject of my writing, 
peripheral an d elusive; it appears through the (female or male) 
ejaculation of th e reader through the underpinnings or 
moistness of the ejaculation . The end is that of the 
displacement of "those who do not equal the mselves" of fissures 
effacing themselves in relation to a fictional totality; of the 
inversion of the body and the body's "look;" of the freezing of 
inscriptions into and beyond classical, Aristotelian an d 
distributive logics (the logics of prejudice); of the aphanisis 
(s exuality anomie) of castration and the aphanisis of pollution 
(exhau stion and absenting of bracketing functions); of theory 
and speech w hich dissolve but only "after" the rite of passage, 
my written pas sage and fissure, nowhere. The end is based upon 
your arousal, treating the text as so much por nography. "Those 
who do not equal themselves" are equivalent to the null set. 
"Fictional totality" refers to the violence of narrative. The 
"freezing of inscriptions" is the hardening and over determinati 
on of a small set of inscriptions which are then considered as a 
tot alized and absolute structure (ideology), capable of 
appropriating a nd interpreting any domain. "Aphanisis" is a 
term of Ernest Jones, r eferring to a state of sexual 
neutralization; I associate it rather with postmodern exhaustion 
("pollution"), rather than castration. Th e latter is allied 
with inscription (castration as cut); the former with fissure 
(poisoning of the real). The absenting of bracketing re fers to 
the transformation of [A,B] to A,B in the latter, the term s 
float and jostle one another. [7] "Aphanisis" is from Ernest 
Jones and is used here to refer to a a & a reduce equally. think 
of neutrality, aphanisis, substance; agepoet already america 
ancisis andcure antique arrives article arti sts and the 
wavering of existence neutrality aphanisis substance aphanisis 
substance think of defuge pattern i = (a a aphanisis substance 
think of defuge kyoto lang a te aphanisis or loss of distinction 
characteristic of our primordial be gin august, why are 
monothisists such bitter and miserable people?  become a space 
of learning, sexuality, mathesis, semioisis...  as w ell as 
compressions human) latitude, poetics/autopoeisis (beyond 
rosset's condition of non desire. Aphanisis. Devouring. 
detumescence/aphanisis [7] of affect: _specific_ objects (last 
year' s ecocononomymy o of f teterrrrororisism.m. w we e 
wiwillll l livive e inin eeries for lacan s = defuge pattern i = 
(a s = aphanisis fefearar o of f teterrrrororisism.m. w we e 
wiwillll l livive e inin w food engorgement. in spite of 
aphanisis, its domain engorges, its sy mbols hate "monotheists" 
hate "agnostisists" hate "you" in spite of aphanisis, its domain 
engorges, its symbols topple, it t opples insufficient. becoming 
devoured. aphanisis. devouring. heals sutures . 
isncingpenisncingpenisisncingpenisncingpenis kaly Mayako Genisis 
Hyun Nestra Careless Manx Wharton Paulette Halos tar kinships 
cleansed room whispered aphanisiscourse we breathe floods our 
meramec message morasco musical mystery noemata nothing nthisis 
nurt ure net loss, aphanisis, skull or doctrine of the body 
electric the edges players) noise for but noise email or noise 
human a (like noisist a * s = aphanisis substance think of 
defuge pattern i = (a s = aphanisis substance think of defuge 
pattern i = (a aphanisis somome e teterrrrororisism m wiwillll b 
be e ththe e fifinanal l spopotsts whwherere e teterrrrororisism 
m wiwillll b be e anand d sstorm street string sullen superb 
theory things thinks thisis thori n substance think of defuge 
pattern i = (a aphanisis substance surplus. So thisis a 
fantastic. Interlude of philosophy. Already mis sed or 
teterrrrororisism m anand d i wiwillll t telell l yoyou,u, i i w 
wil teterrrrororisism.m. t thehe n newew t tererrororirismsm i 
is s anan m mosost t fefearar. . wewe a arere g goioingng i 
intnto o ththisis thehe teterrrrororisism.m. m my y woworkrk i 
is s alalwawaysys a abo boutut towards...aphanisis, decathexis, 
releasement, this w whehen n ththe sksky y isis b blulue e anand 
d wewe l livive e ini walalkikingng a arorounund d a a 
teterrrrororisism.m. w we e wiwilll l when life is nothing more 
than that, aphanisis sets in, everything g oes wiring, fibre 
optic, heedless, hungers, aphanisis, doctrine conundru m,
+++
http://www.alansondheim.org/isis2.png
+++
http://www.alansondheim.org/isis3.png
+++
http://www.alansondheim.org/isis4.png
+++
http://www.alansondheim.org/isis5.png
+++
http://www.alansondheim.org/isis6.png
+++
http://www.alansondheim.org/isis7.png
+++
http://www.alansondheim.org/isis8.png
+++
+++
+++



laughter and fun then solo jitter

http://www.alansondheim.org/is5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/laughter1.mp3 flute
http://www.alansondheim.org/laughter2.mp3 shakuhachi
http://www.alansondheim.org/laughter4.mp3 saz
http://www.alansondheim.org/jitter.mp3 solo saz

Jon Woodson, guitar, on laughter 1/2/4

so close to noodling then surprising saz, there's got to be 
something in here for someone somewhere noodle of it! More 
francs. They buy it up big! like ke a noodle le caboodle le 
noodle of it! More francs. They buy it up big! Between macaroni 
and drawing, language noodles out, appearing in a dia- thoro's a 
noodlo in my skull and thoro's a noodlo in my arm and thoro aro 
lights of many colors and tubos connoctod to tho noodlo in my 
groin from which tho soul of all things flashos forth from tho 
noodlos in my log and tho noodlo in my hand boauty-drugs do flow 
in tho noodlo in my skull and boauty-drugs do flow through tho 
noodlo in my arm but boauty-drugs don't flow through tho noodlo 
in my groin and boauty-drugs don't flow through tho noodlo in 
may hand :: aw niddly noddle in mo hund aw noddly diddly in mo 
skull now tho noodly in mon head now nuddly nuddly nudd! :: aw 
gruddly gruddly flu fro tho noodlo on my skull! hoodla hoodle 
hoodli hoodlo hoodlu by Daishin Nikuko in pursuance of 
Jennifer's noodlo noodlo noodlo! visible on the sofa thoro's a 
noodlo in my skull...". ... like ke a noodle le caboodle le !OOt 
oor choomoost-sootoo, yoo coon soolooct thoo toop-soolloong 
rnoods oon rnoods. !OOt oos oo noovv wooy too shooppoo foor 
toobloots. Choosoo choocoo foor qoolooty rnoods soont too yoo 
oon oo toomooly moonnoor. !OOoo coon soov rnooroo rnoonooy oon 
rnoods oond choock oor noovv wookly ssooloo breu moderne) breu 
moderne) Arabe*(Egypte) choocoo foor qoolooty rnoods 
choomoost-sootoo, yoo coon soolooct thoo toop-soolloong rnoods 
Arabic whooroo thoo groon boo rsoo oolthoogh h 6 thooy whooroo 
oon rnoods. !OOt hovon'too ooo cloooo obootoo thooo whotoo ooo 
fondoo ooo noodoo tooo OSPCO,oo onomolsoo noodoo holpoo toooo 
Oh,oo dongoroosoo fool,oo Cellardoor elisha Zamin pet visitor 
Leighton kym Snoodle Tran Spire choomoost sootoo yoo coon 
soolooct thoo toop soolloong rnoods Arabic breu moderne) breu 
moderne) Arabe*(egypte) choocoo foor qoolooty rnoods Accustom 
thyself! more! pursuance Jennifer's noodlo writes; noodle of it! 
More francs. They buy it up big! like ke a noodle le caboodle le 
noodle of it! More francs! They buy it up big! Between macaroni 
and drawing, language noodles out, appearing in soloo thoro's a 
noodlo in my skull and thoro's a noodlo in my tho noodlo in my 
groin from which tho soul of all things flashos forth from tho 
noodlos in my log and tho noodlo in my hand boauty-drugs do flow 
in tho noodlo in my skull and boauty-drugs do flow through tho 
noodlo in my arm but boauty-drugs don't flow through tho noodlo 
in my groin and boauty-drugs don't flow through tho noodlo in 
may hand :: aw niddly noddle in mo hund aw noddly diddly in mo 
skull now tho noodly in mon head now nuddly nuddly nudd! :: aw 
gruddly gruddly flu fro tho noodlo on my pursuance of Jennifer's 
noodlo noodlo noodlo! visible on the sofa thoro's a noodlo in my 
skull...". ... like ke a noodle le Snoodle Tran Spire Accustom 
thyself! more! noodloo! Accustom!!



isis-is: the signal

http://www.alansondheim.org/thesignal1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/thesignal.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/thesignal2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/thesignal3.png

Alan Sondheim trying to come to grips with annihilation when for 
example beheading occurs, not only to foment terror, but as an 
act of piety, as part of the natural order of things -

Alan Sondheim a signal is sent, becomes furious, begins to 
dissolve, the dance is violent and sexual like a machine gun

Alan Sondheim amounting to firing a gun but now up close, the 
taste of the gristle, trophy of the severed head, chopped 
hands, gouged eyes 

Alan Sondheim anything that can be removed

Alan Sondheim what does this, what is a response, what is this?

