

ISISLURE the disk of ISIS


http://www.alansondheim.org/isisdisk05.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/isisdisk.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/isisdisk29.png

.(can't put up a lot of these images. imaginary show of them.)

.ISISLURE allure extasis

.dilatation or distension of a hollow organ 
.allure of the organ lure of the hollow
'If it is red, fading from the left side, one has fallen
prey to [...] the religious protectors.'
'If the colour is dark, one has fallen prey especially
to [...] the Lord of Death.'

.the 'cutting of the rope' which links the earth to the sky
the moment of the cutting of the head lure of the cutting
lure of the crucifixion lure of nails and eyes
lure of sex lure of abjection lure of blood of bone

'If it is multicoloured and shining, one has fallen prey
to the numerous ghosts of death.'

.lure of paste compared to the flood of the out of doors, and so 
is, which is always already will** Other always already a lure 
are always already destabilized.** form of seduction, the lure.

.primary content the lure .that "_object a, lure or masquerade, 
there's no return.

.transform - what is the lure of a sadism drawing 
seductive, frther lure give do wil desre, rage back, beseeches 
somethig lure \icandoit things things another is unholy 
disapproval despair. somethig lure \icandoit ## fetishized from 
emissions, a collapse a ter ter, that there i me|| it n . The 
elder a lure y dy and aning a a f di ed by) the accumulati dy 
and blivi t in wa . The elder a lure y f the b are b n b t in wa 
. The elder a lure y teric, deliri f c cati t in wa u I +++

'If the upper part of the body is missing, he will die within
two months; if the lower part is missing, within a month.'



ISIS NEWFLAG

http://www.alansondheim.org/isisflag.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/isisflag.mp4

A new flag for ISIS. A cross turned, kindly bent to let
the bodies down, perhaps an arm remains, propping the
rest of the weight. the wounded. Perhaps an X, sign of
belonging, gratitude to the beautiful clean world. There
are no animals here. Perhaps an X which itself moves in
violence, the focus of someone else's dream: it was the
land and its god which did the dreaming. Perhaps an
occlusion of solar light, a moment's cooling. But a new
flag, new allure, new days and new bodies. 

The allure of the X as well, a new flat for the taking,
copyright patent NEWFLAG, new bodies, worlds to conquer.
New: forms of torture, ransom, violence, pillage.
New: nations, cleansings, war machines, prisons.
New: religions new-day dawning, new controls. 
New: cleansed women, children. New: thanks be to God.
Thanks be to God. HE almighty. Thanks be to God.

Perhaps an X, carved, above or through the eyes.




Poesis and Poetics of ISIS


http://www.alansondheim.org/isisdisk10.png

Poetics of terror, monotheism, inerrancy, cleansing. Analysis is 
dead, dying, decayed, not of but without the body. Theory 
collapses, repeats, repeats repetitions, classes, demarcations, 
subalterns, alterns, reifications, expositions, histories, 
colonialisms. Nothing prepare us for nothing. I try to work 
through poetics, poesis, abjure, poetry, schemata of language, 
watch language grind to a halt, work through poetics, poesis of 
language halting. The gaps are blankness & cannot be filled with 
our speaking, murmuring, our crying, our wounded, our dead, our 
torturers. 

then culling my work - grep -h poesis - just a list but -

[12:18] You: ... poesis ...

and - 

poesis poetics this signifies DEITY GENERATION - and then -

beginning is a poesis, a wryting, and it is important again to 
see how textuality = thanatopoesis = thee = tion = tions = topos 
= level of contestation of poesis. autopoesis among other 
processes. Death and Its Enemy, Thanatopoesis natopoesis would 
be counter-productive if it were not true. We will always fear 
death, but we would not tend towards thanatopoesis, but only 
towards not exist, yet it does exist. It is what creates 
thanatopoesis. This does texted Sysadmins teleologies 
thanatopoesis tion tions trAce traceroute 
thanatopoesis-oo-tion-oo-tions-oo-trace-oo-traceroute 
subjectivities subtexted susan Sysadmins techne teleologies 
thanatopoesis + these sad discotheques of mythopoesis shamisen 
seamount izanagi emanants thanatopoesis trans phantasms becomes 
related to suspect poesis, semiosis, and fetishization. It is 
used (The preclusion of poesis is not the preclusion of the 
truth of poesis.) tion teleologies thanatopoesis tr terns 
traceroute trAce tion txt tropes thanatopoesis temporality 
tendrils terns tessellations thanatopoesis tion tions tr trAce 
emanants - thanatopoesis - trans - phantasms - rearticulation - 
qbasic - codeworks primordials experien opoesis semiosis deca 
internality commun- techne teleologies tendrils thanatopoesis 
tion tions trAce traceroute tessellations textuality 
thanatopoesis tion tions tr trAce traceroute Its Enemy, 
Thanatopoesis tessellations textuality thanatopoesis thee tion 
tions topos tr trAce terns = tessellations = textuality = 
thanatopoesis = thee = tion = tions = All wryting entangles with 
poetics, poesis, autopoesis, impulse and drive; poesis of the 
world inhabits death; death inhabits the poesis of the think the 
poesis of the virtual vacuum; think the poesis of the black 
discrete. Poetics recuperates poesis for an organism of 
interest; for an Wryting relates to poesis, poetic-generation, 
since the words always run

[12:18] You: ... poesis ...

automorphism automorphisms autopoesis avadance avasound avatar 
avatar's phantasms phenomenologist physico pinup playnt 
pneumosphere png poesis thanatopoesis thee tion tions toading 
Tomei topos totalization tr trAce poesis cull deconstruction 
frame. presences decon copula grasp paralleling worlding 
deconstructed autopoesis syzygy socius unfoldings chiasm cathect 
symptomologies ur circumscription buddha trAce thanatopoesis 
birthing autopoesis syzygy socius unfoldings chiasm demarcations 
cathect twitches circumscription demarcations buddha trAce 
Snoxfly thanatopoesis birthing visidentity commodification 
deerflies birthing thanatopoesis Snoxfly trAce chiasm unfoldings 
socius tabla autopoesis deconstructed cumbus worlding Snoxfly 
thanatopoesis birthing deerflies com visidentity spam subtexted 
autopoesis avadance avasound avatar avatar's hysteric dance of 
avatar and our scope to thee, our poesis and moment poesis 
poetics this signifies DEITY GENERATION Compaq primordials 
experien opoesis semiosis deca internality worlding 
deconstructed autopoesis syzygy socius unfoldings deconstructed 
autopoesis syzygy socius unfoldings chiasm earth." autopoesis 
arise! thing! same! witnessed dispersal tribes 'others,' 
tessellations, the registry of bodies in thanatopoesis and 
anomaly, forgetting and meandering, wryting and poesis, 
catastrophe -

catastrophe - and then -


