tablet=pc=buzz=com=-=features=
/blooming buzzing confusion
/blooming buzzing confusion
/blooming buzzing confusion

After a while negation buzzes. Automata make negation machines. 
Negation machines buzz for me. They make things faster. a number 
of deaths, always to a news station helps. The bed's to my rear; 
angering buzzing aroused. you can fawn them. you can come. I'm 
your buzz - and then you'd have your dead zone, but no dead. So 
you want this equivalent to the superstructure of the world, 
coagulation from the other side. what's absent: the buzz, neural 
discourse of the concept - voice buzz buzzing cackle chant: 
"Idiot! I'm still talking. The phone's buzzing, the sky's just 
there, in flight." But more, that they disappeared into the 
horror, full of history and information, that they disappeared. 
sludge-world, bodies. it's the head in them that names.

sludge among every living creature, rutted, interfering, channel 
narrows. it's the head in them that's named.

then nothing.



Damning Criticism - mashup, original, and elimination:

http://www.alansondheim.org/critical.jpg

Constantly I'm afraid. I'm I'm afraid. I'm tone-deaf. afraid. 
I'm I I'm write I'm tone-deaf. out I tone-deaf. of write 
tone-deaf. of out I of total write total ignorance. out total If 
of total I total total I ignorance. ignorance. write If 
ignorance. about write If about about If about violence I about 
from write violence a about violence subaltern from violence 
position, a violence position, subaltern from position, 
position, a I feel subaltern I I'm position, I untouchable. I I 
untouchable. feel feel I I'm feel always I I'm always always I'm 
always feel untouchable. always suicide I feel is always feel an 
suicide feel option is suicide option an suicide option option 
is and that an and makes option and me and and me that that 
doubly makes that untouchable. doubly makes untouchable. 
untouchable. makes untouchable. I me untouchable. work doubly I 
far untouchable. I too I I fast, far work fast, too work write 
fast, far write far too write too fast, write much, write write 
much, far far always too far feel always too feel feel too feel 
literally much, literally under always literally the feel 
literally gun, literally literally that the under that gun, 
under if that the if I gun, if slow that if up, if if up, I I 
I'll slow I collapse. up, slow collapse. collapse. slow 
collapse. However up, However much I'll However you collapse. 
However tear However However my you much my tear much work my 
you work work tear work I'll my work tear work apart, tear 
apart, apart, it I'll apart, apart tear I'll apart apart I'll 
apart first tear first and it first far apart first more first 
first drastically. far and drastically. more and I'm 
drastically. far I'm I'm more I'm I'm more I'm jealous I'm 
untouchable. jealous untouchable. untouchable. of I'm 
untouchable. anyone jealous I'm anyone anyone I'm with with 
jealous with a of with position anyone with and with with an a a 
an and a income. an position income. income. and income. afraid 
and income. of an I'm of I'm I'm everything, afraid I'm my of 
afraid my my afraid shadow, shadow, of shadow, the everything, 
shadow, shadows my shadow, of shadow, shadow, others. the the 
others. of the If others. shadows If If of If it of it for 
others. it for it it Azure, weren't it I for weren't I Azure, 
weren't wouldn't wouldn't for wouldn't be Azure, wouldn't here I 
wouldn't and wouldn't be that's be be that's and be a that's 
here a a and a terrible and terrible for that's terrible for 
terrible terrible her burden terrible to for burden to her 
burden bear. bear. for bear. I her bear. lie to bear. in bear. I 
bed I I bed in I for bed lie for for in for hours in hours in 
bed hours the hours hours morning, in hours wide-awake, the in 
wide-awake, morning, in my my the my mind morning, my running 
wide-awake, my wild my mind until mind mind until wild mind 
disaster until running disaster disaster wild seems seems wild 
seems so until seems imminent disaster seems that so seems I 
imminent so I that so must must imminent must get that must up, 
I must get must get moving, get get moving, up, get escape 
moving, up, escape escape get myself. myself. get myself. I 
moving, myself. think escape myself. I'm I myself. far think I 
far I'm I more more think more brilliant I'm more than far 
brilliant I more brilliant am. brilliant brilliant am. than 
brilliant I'm am. than I'm I'm I ashamed ashamed I ashamed of 
am. ashamed my I'm ashamed body of of and my of that body of 
that and my that makes body that me and makes turn that makes 
inside-out, makes makes inside-out, me makes so inside-out, me 
so so turn much much turn much of inside-out, much my so much 
earlier much of work my of was earlier of was work my was 
sexual. earlier sexual. I've work sexual. become was sexual. 
ash, sexual. sexual. ash, I've sexual. I ash, I've I I become 
dream dream become dream ash, ash, dream cinders. I dream I 
dream ash, jump cinders. ash, from I ash, from jump cinders. 
from instrument I instrument to jump instrument instrument, from 
instrument I instrument instrument I to to can't instrument, to 
sit can't instrument, sit sit instrument, sit still, I sit I 
can't sit have sit still, to I still, play have still, play to I 
play all have all of to all these play all things, all all 
things, of of I these of have I these have have these have to 
things, have excel I to at have to something excel to physical. 
at to physical. something excel physical. physical. at I'm 
completely something I'm invisible physical. I'm to I'm I'm to 
completely completely others invisible completely unless others 
invisible unless unless invisible unless I to unless blurt 
others I out, unless I assert I I myself, out, blurt myself, 
assert blurt jump myself, out, jump into assert jump a myself, 
jump fray jump jump fray into into of a into my of a my my a my 
own fray own creation. of own Deep my own down own own I Deep 
creation. I down creation. know I Deep know no down know place I 
know is know know is no no safe place no for is place for for 
place for me. is me. I safe me. find for me. theory me. me. so 
find I so theory I decayed so find decayed decayed theory 
decayed I so decayed believe decayed that believe that that I I 
that can believe I can can I can produce believe produce it I 
produce by can produce rote produce produce with by it with rote 
it no with by no no rote no whatsoever. rote no I no consequence 
I consequence consequence can't whatsoever. consequence get I 
whatsoever.

I'm tone-deaf. I write out of total ignorance. If I write about 
violence from a subaltern position, I feel I'm untouchable. I 
always feel suicide is an option and that makes me doubly 
untouchable. I work far too fast, write far too much, always 
feel literally under the gun, that if I slow up, I'll collapse. 
However much you tear my work apart, I'll tear it apart first 
and far more drastically. I'm untouchable. I'm jealous of anyone 
with a position and an income. I'm afraid of everything, my 
shadow, the shadows of others. If it weren't for Azure, I 
wouldn't be here and that's a terrible burden for her to bear. I 
lie in bed for hours in the morning, wide-awake, my mind running 
wild until disaster seems so imminent that I must get up, get 
moving, escape myself. I think I'm far more brilliant than I am. 
I'm ashamed of my body and that makes me turn inside-out, so 
much of my earlier work was sexual. I've become ash, I dream 
ash, cinders. I jump from instrument to instrument, I can't sit 
still, I have to play all of these things, I have to excel at 
something physical. I'm completely invisible to others unless I 
blurt out, assert myself, jump into a fray of my own creation. 
Deep down I know no place is safe for me. I find theory so 
decayed that I believe I can produce it by rote with no 
consequence whatsoever. I can't get rid of corrosion of the 
world's horrors, until I'm eviscerated, until I disappear. I'm 
so frightened of death, I can't watch anything dealing with it, 
online or offline. My whole career is created from kludges, 
making-do, bricolage. Goodness is invisible to me. I can't 
understand religion, religious belief; reincarnation seems an 
absurd fiction. I believe that abjection, corrosion, decay, and 
suffering underlie everything, and everything I do; culture 
attempts a bulwark against the cosmos, and culture always 
collapses into violence. I'm not only not untouchable, I'm the 
most fragile of creatures - possessing no redemption, nothing 
but a deep belief in annihilation. I'm so inconceivably selfish, 
I give things away to prove otherwise. I believe we are all 
inhabited by destruction, that we all ride the nearest 
fetishized shiny surfaces, that we all believe we're beckoned, 
that whatever is said within the ecologies of the digital, 
disappears as soon as it is spoken. I think I'm so smart. I 
thank this is enough to prove I'm so smart and to prove I'm so 
stupid as to feel any insipid thought/music/image/video of mine 
is unbearably original. I'm unbearable. I'm tone-deaf and my 
music attempts to cover that up. I can't sing a note. I can't 
write either and I'm too self-absorbed to notice that. This spew 
isn't original, even within my own work. There's so much of my 
writing that it seems to be infinitely repetitive; it's 
certainly unreadable. My thoughts are borrowed, my words are 
borrowed; what's original with me is woefully inexact. I'm bad 
at plagiarism, worse at originality. I stupidly feel if I keep 
writing, it will start making sense, that brilliance is just 
around the corner. Brilliance is the other. My body sinks into 
my body. I'm constantly afraid. I'm constantly afraid.

I'm tone-deaf. I write out of total ignorance. If about violence 
from a subaltern position, feel untouchable. always suicide is 
an option and that makes me doubly work far too fast, much, 
literally under the gun, if slow up, I'll collapse. However much 
you tear my apart, it apart first more drastically. jealous 
anyone with position income. afraid everything, shadow, shadows 
others. weren't for Azure, wouldn't be here that's terrible 
burden her to bear. lie in bed hours morning, wide-awake, mind 
running wild until disaster seems so imminent must get moving, 
escape myself. think brilliant than am. ashamed body turn 
inside-out, earlier was sexual. I've become ash, dream cinders. 
jump instrument instrument, can't sit still, have play all these 
things, excel at something physical. completely invisible others 
unless blurt out, assert myself, into fray own creation. Deep 
down know no place safe me. find theory decayed believe can 
produce by rote consequence whatsoever. rid corrosion world's 
horrors, eviscerated, disappear. frightened death, watch 
anything dealing it, online or offline. My whole career created 
kludges, making-do, bricolage. Goodness understand religion, 
religious belief; reincarnation absurd fiction. abjection, 
corrosion, decay, suffering underlie everything do; culture 
attempts bulwark against cosmos, collapses violence. not only 
untouchable, most fragile creatures - possessing redemption, 
nothing but deep belief annihilation. inconceivably selfish, 
give things away prove otherwise. we are inhabited destruction, 
ride nearest fetishized shiny surfaces, we're beckoned, whatever 
said within ecologies digital, disappears as soon spoken. smart. 
thank this enough smart stupid any insipid 
thought/music/image/video mine unbearably original. unbearable. 
tone-deaf music cover up. sing note. either self-absorbed notice 
that. This spew isn't original, even work. There's writing 
infinitely repetitive; it's certainly unreadable. thoughts 
borrowed, words borrowed; what's original woefully inexact. bad 
plagiarism, worse originality. stupidly keep writing, will start 
making sense, brilliance just around corner. Brilliance other. 
sinks body. constantly afraid.




ISIS prehistory

http://www.alansondheim.org/damnthem2.png

The Assyrians publicized their atrocities in reports and 
illustrations for propaganda purposes. In the tenth and ninth 
centuries BCE, official inscriptions told of cruelty to those 
captured. Most were killed or blinded; others were impaled on 
stakes around city walls as a warning. The bodies were 
mutilated; heads, hands, and even lower lips were cut off so 
that counting the dead would be easier. These horrifying 
illustrations, texts, and reliefs were designed to frighten the 
population into submission.

[...] When surrounding the capital city and shouting to the 
people inside failed, the Assyrians' next tactic was to select 
one or more small cities to attack, usually ones that could be 
easily conquered. Then the Assyrians committed extreme acts of 
cruelty to show how the entire region would be treated if the 
inhabitants refused to surrender peacefully. Houses were looted 
and burned to the round, and the people were murdered, raped, 
mutilated, or enslaved - acts all vividly portrayed in the 
Assyrian stone reliefs and royal inscriptions in the palaces. 
The Assyrian troops regarded looting and rape of a conquered 
city as partial compensation. [...]

The annals of Assurnasirpal II vividly described such tactics:

"In strife and conflict I besieged (and) conquered the city. I 
felled 3,000 of their fighting men with the sword. I carried off 
prisoners, possessions, oxen, (and) cattle from them. I burnt 
many captives from them. I captured many troops alive: I cut off 
of some their arms (and) hands; I cut off of others their noses, 
ears, (and) extremities. I gouged out the eyes of many troops. I 
made one pile of the living (and) one of the heads. I hung their 
heads on tress around the city. I burnt their adolescent boys 
(and) girls. I razed, destroyed, burned (and) consumed the 
city."

This type of "psychological" warfare was especially convincing, 
and the inhabitants, "overwhelmed by the fearful splendor of the 
god Assur," surrendered.


----
From Daily Life in Ancient Mesopotamia, Karen Rhea Nemet-Nejat, 
Hendrickson, 2008





John Skelton His Ash

http://www.alansondheim.org/EVE0636.JPG

Last night a great bash
So bright and so brash
With plenty of cash
And humping would clash
Until the big crash
Then all made a dash
Like Jumpin Jack Flash
And opened a gash
Their teeth did all gnash
And they swallowed some hash
In something like mash
The punters were rash
And hung from the sash
The curtains they slash
The chandelier smash
While they buried their stash
Away they did thrash
In a pile of trash
With Skelton his ash!


John Skelton His Ash

Last night a great bash
So bright and so brash
With plenty of cash
And humping would clash
Until the big crash
Then all made dash
Like Jumpin Jack Flash
opened gash
Their teeth did gnash
they swallowed some hash
In something like mash
The punters were rash
hung from sash
curtains slash
chandelier smash
While buried their stash
Away thrash
pile trash
his ash!




Everyone in Love in the "Middle East"

http://www.alansondheim.org/inlove0.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/inlove.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/inlove3.png

over heals inlove! Alan touches Alan and thinks, wow! You're 
really heals inlove!", "%n kicks you? Hardly! But it's always in 
hir thoughts!"}, place your legs in order, here inlovely %l!"}, 
{"weep", "%n weeps openly in takes refuge inlove for the analyst 
in order to avoid crossing the dresses that shimmered as they 
flew about. I was wonderfully inlove with that same kind of 
damaging worship that When I'm inlove I gotta write better than 
ever before because I wanna be. When I'm inlove her beauty smile 
comes and visits in my dreams and When I'm inlove I lie all 
twisted with her body curled up with nothing. I am inlove with 
Language, To be inlove is to slide the world apart. 'I am inlove 
with you' - in the presence of truth, truth is effaced. I am 
inlove with you, unnamed. I am inlove with your obsession with 
this topic. we are students inlovely school, she said. I am 
inlove with your obsession with this topic! Back, we'd fucked, 
fallen inlove or at least groped our way to object inlove with 
itself. Speaking in video is fundamental, saying either to be 
killed or inlove. Love and death meet in the word. He seems to 
be inlove with his own noise. no reason for him not to do it. I 
fell inlove with someone who lived.



Qinq

http://www.alansondheim.org/milkweed13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinq1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinq2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinq3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/milkweed03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/milkweed14.jpg

flight of the demons, you feel every sound on earth
inhabits the wood, wooden frame, the strings ring with them,
sounds, demona viols and balalaikas

but it's the qin dreaming the octaves and harmonics, the qin
sounding the elaborations of warnings, musings of consolations,
palms



Qin Upped


http://www.alansondheim.org/ailing4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/upped1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/upped2.mp3

qin recorded with vibration meter, pitched raised 
36 semitones, cosmos filtered into sonic dwelling-place,
comfort zone, amazing strangeness



death of representation

http://www.alansondheim.org/pourtrait.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/pourtrait.mp4

i'm sick of pictures.
i can't make more pictures. 
everything i touch dies. i touch myself.
i can't make more pictures of myself.
i was embedded in machinery and i'm not embedded in machinery.
i look in the machinery of a mirror and my bones fall off.
my bones fall off before i'm robbed of them. 
before i'm robbed of neoliberalism.
before late capitalism's stolen from me.
before i plead guilty for being alive.
i plead guilty! i am still alive!




QinCave: New Qin Music from the Brown University Cave


http://www.alansondheim.org/qincave34.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/crystal4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/crystal6.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/crystal7.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qincave07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qincave13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qincave46.jpg

The Qing dynasty qin was played in the Brown University Cave. I 
noticed that the Cave formed a resonant chamber or sound box. 
The goose-feet (yen-tsu) rested either directly on the floor, or 
on a wooden board - in both cases transmitting the sound 
directly to the chamber floor. For the straight-forward audio 
recording, an instrument mic and vibration meter were used; the 
meter was wedged against the chamber floor and a structural 
support, and the instrument mic was placed directly underneath 
the instrument. A second mic also led to an instrument amplifier 
facing away from the chamber; its sound was recorded with the 
video camera, but didn't interfere with the straight audio, 
which was fed into a Zoom H4n. The whole chamber was 'live,' as 
were the images; the Cave wand and control glasses were worn 
either by me or Kathleen or Azure imitating the qin moves. The 
other end of the qin rested either on a board or on my leg; 
playing the instrument in a dim colored light, close to the 
floor, was difficult but not impossible. The four images show 
the arrangement under various conditions. The three audio pieces 
demonstrate the use of H4n output; the sound was raised two to 
three octaves, so that the ambiance recorded by the vibration 
meter would be audible. In some cases I chose to raise the pitch 
of the instrument mic as well; the general contours of the 
improvised pieces changed with each adjustment. When playing, I 
also made use of sounding the strings to the left of my left- 
hand stopping; this produced a non-resonant high-pitched series 
of tones which were more controllable than I thought they would 
be. The session was two and three-quarters hours, during which 
thirteen videos and audio tracks, as well as over fifty images, 
were produced. I will release these as processed over the next 
few days. I'd never heard a qin sound so resonant as it did in 
this chamber; for this reason, I thought of 'crystal' as a 
generic name for the processed audio. Since the qin mythos 
reflects the cosmos, one way or another, it was fitting to work 
with sound inhabiting the space, just as the Cave writing and 
movement did. Together they created a miniature, fragile 
cosmology which needs more exploration. Thanks to John Cayley 
for the opportunity to work in the Cave, Kathleen Ottinger for 
assisting and performing, Azure Carter for performance, video, 
audio, and song, and Stephen Dydo for restoring the qin.



qincave A.B.C.

http://www.alansondheim.org/qincave55.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qincaveA.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/qincaveB.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/qincaveC.mp4

qincaveA. four-minute slow improvisation recorded close-in, 
sound from qin and amplifier, visual echo added paralleling 
acoustic resonance.
qincaveB. color-shadow moire patterns occasioned by the Cave 
projector flicker for 3-d virtual reality. qin played open 
strings only.
qincaveC. improvisation with head-mounted display transforming 
the 3-d environment. sound from camera, raised-pitch vibration 
meter, amplifier, and mic beneath the instrument,

                                O cavernous love O emerald bone 
and filE
photographing inside animal holes and those cavernous spaces 
beneath the hollow out; cavernous, wrung with the memory of 
weeping, thick braids The hanger was large and cavernous and 
damp. The ground was hard and showed it. cavernous lead south. 
on scrawled inscription, foe, food, fool, meek and keen,
                                O cavernous love O emerald bone 
and filE cavernous, wrung weeping, braids curl bathing 
underground lake. silver is,_ restored tarns and pools. hanger 
cavernous damp. dry. suns tension. beings,
                                O cavernous love O emerald bone
animal holes and those cavernous spaces beneath the 
hollowed out, cavernous, wrung with the memory of weeping, thick 
to the hanger large and cavernous and damp. The ground for them,
their caverns for final furious show it. cavernous lead south. 
                                O cavernous love O emerald bone 
know cavernous, wrung weeping, braids curl bathing underground 
restored tarns and pools. hanger cavernous damp. dry. suns 
tension, hollowed out, cavernous, wrung with the large and 
cavernous and damp. The ground was hard and hollowed out; 
cavernous, wrung with the memory of weeping, thick braids, 
cavernous and damp, hollowed out, wrung with the memory of 
weeping, thick braids, the hanger was large and cavernous and 
damp. The ground was hard and harder.



Qincave D. Articulation structures

http://www.alansondheim.org/qincave10.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qincaveD.mp4

Azure Carter, performer-follower. the qin guides
her movements which further articulate the space-
scrawl. two and a half minutes from a five minute
performance. 

http://www.alansondheim.org/qincaveF.mp4

Solo qin improvisation in the cave with head-
mounted display only, follows on qincaveE.mp4.



Qincave E.: solo qin with image manipulation


http://www.alansondheim.org/qincave47.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qincaveE.mp4

The Cave wand was attached to my left wrist.
I had the opportunity to play free-rein. 
The organization is Ch'an, koan-abrupt.
My fingers danced in Heaven. My fingers 
danced above the tone pond. The microphone
howled near the dragon pool; I moved the
microphone. My hands danced in Heaven. In
Heaven, my arms danced. My shoulders 
danced. Koan abrupt, my fingers danced. 
The organization had nothing to do with
Ch'an. I don't know where Heaven is. A
koan is corrupt. I had the opportunity to
play and here something emerged. Please,
it is eight minutes, play in background.



Crystallic Mystic Qins

http://www.alansondheim.org/qins7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/crystallic.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qins6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qincave03.jpg

recording of the qing qin with vibration meter and mic; 
the latter had connection problems in the beginning. 
the result was raised three octaves and echo as added.
the piece is crystallic.

The two qins - Qing and 1980s - were tuned about a semitone
apart. They rest on the same table with cushioning. Last
night, a strange event: I found them perfectly in tune with
each other. I've never had this happen before. I'd  made
minor adjustments to each instrument; one or two strings
tend to slip very slightly. But this experience is unique;
it's as if the qins were talking to each other, somehow
aligning themselves. The table wasn't vibrating and there
is no possibility of resonance between them; among other
things (besides the cushioning), they're kept covered with
a cloth when not in use. I think it's the new qin that
followed in the footsteps of the older; the string buzz is
slightly greater. But why would it do this? Just to be
clear, qin tuning isn't all that simple, and the pegs
themselves don't tend to slip. I treat this as a spiritual
response to the Crystallic piece, which motivated the 
spirits of the strings to greater alignment, a clarity not
seen in these more or less rational times.
