



next stop imaginary

various below and hopefully the last 'spew' - the mocap equipment now has 
extended possibilities; Nikuko's wandering simultaneously from above and 
below. the keyword's interoperability, moving the newer technical bvh 
files into poser and blender, reconfiguring blender sheave-skins in blen- 
der, creating bundles of bvh files for distribution. we're searching for a 
poetics of the interior with any means possible, Nikuko tells me important 
things and these silent videos / images are both tawdry and fecund, their 
making accompanied by numerous crashes, remaking old equipment, Azure 
repeatedly modeling ballet slomo as the hd camera cranked in consort with 
antiquated 486 and winnt computers. next stop imaginary, see the train 
ride.

New Software

the motion capture software was rewritten to create other possibilities 
than high-speed vibration - thanks to Gary Manes


Outlands

analysis of avatar edge-phenomena in SL; all images from beneath Nikuko, 
who inverts.


Outlands traintrip < industrial landscape.




all day i sit at this fucking screen, not fucking
but the brain's left hemisphere's twitched and reamed
again with crystals shunting cells decayed and sucking
out the last dim landscape i might have ever dreamed .

fingers stall, breath couples hard with chills
against a bandaged mind and damaged brain .
no longer shall i climb that landscape's hills
and turn towards tarn shined dark with bloody rain .

i'm born here, died here, screen looms, the world is flat,
dead animals pour from sour skin, i shake
for something else got wrong then right, a scat
i leave behind, the drowned dream drains the lake .

my fucking flesh reamed sucking wires dreamed .
my fever's rising, chills turn the brain's hills rain
of flat blood, gave a shake of scat now steamed
then charred, lakes slake, sparks suffocate again .


Triode film, Baad images, Text rattling


Triode is formed with new software from experimental motion files. A 
triode is a fundamental vacuum tube with cathode, anode, and control 
grid. A triode amplifies, illuminates, rectifies in part, controls, is 
controlled, senses.

The baad* series is phomemic-buddha or consecutive/consexutive shaping of 
buddha-torso in response to a memory of human form or flower-ornament 
sutra (avatamsaka sutra). Both absorb desire. Both tend towards the 
ineffable. Both disguise sheave-skin, both are replete-emptiness.

In Triode the maverick sensors are sutured to the right shoulder, he/she 
has been wounded and dances the interior of the wound. I say interior, 
because the dance is one of conceivable rigging and thwarted continuous 
adjustment of inverse kinematics. And isn't all desire thwarted, when, 
within the aegis of the absolute, it is controlled from above? Or perhaps 
it is this very control that permits desire in the first place, caresses 
the place/space of fulfillment? Hear me out. 

For desire thrusts or procures against the absolute, which it hopes to 
transgress, and this hope is an amplifier. But there is nothing to 
transgress, everything is permitted; there is no aegis, no control, no 
absolute, but what one brings to us, down upon us. Instead there is a 
flowering which would not otherwise occur, as if flowering were dependent 
upon deflowering, which is equally established as the murmur of an origin. 
Here me out, for there is no origin, and one after another, the layers, 
sheave-skins, are peeled back, and one after another, nothing presents 
itself, nothing is present.

Triode is triple ode, or triple ode trod, and is a trio of cloth against 
skin, all sheave, and I beg you, pay close attention to the moment where 
culture drags the unwilling, centers them, or rather the unwilling, 
impaled by culture, willingly take center stage. Dear Poetics list, I 
insist this is the poetics of the true world, all the skittering inter- 
action apparent before the languorous* residue which forms triode.mp4 and 
numerous baad jpgs on the way to Indra's net...



* lacking adj spirit : or lacking liveliness; spirit "a or lackadaisical 
liveliness; attempt"; "a "a lackadaisical attempt"; adj languid languid 
mood"; wave wave hand"; of "a the hot hand"; hotmood"; languorous 
afternoon" [syn: languorous {dreamy}, afternoon" {lackadaisical},[syn: 
{languid}] 167 Moby 167 Thesaurus Moby words Thesaurus for words 
"languorous":for abeyant, abeyant, ambling, ambling, anemic, anemic, 
apathetic, apathetic, asthenic, asthenic, benumbed, benumbed, blase,blase, 
bloodless, bored, bloodless, cataleptic, bored, catatonic, cataleptic, 
cautious, catatonic, chicken,cautious, circumspect, claudicant, cowardly, 
circumspect, crawling, claudicant, creeping,cowardly, creeping creeping 
like like snail, snail, dead, dead, debilitated, debilitated, deliberate, 
deliberate, dilatory,dilatory, dopey, dormant, dormant, drooping, droop- 
ing, droopy, droopy, drugged, drugged, dull, dull, easy, easy, effete, 
effete, enervated, etiolated, enervated, exanimate, etiolated, faineant, 
exanimate, faint, faineant, faintish,faint, faltering, faltering, feeble, 
feeble, flabby, flabby, flaccid, flaccid, flagging, flagging, flat, flat, 
floppy,floppy, foot-dragging, foot-dragging, foul, foul, gentle, gentle, 
gone, gone, gradual, gradual, groggy, groggy, gutless,gutless, halting, 
halting, heavy, heavy, hebetudinous, hebetudinous, hobbled, hobbled, 
hobbling, hobbling, idle, idle, imbecile,imbecile, impotent, in in 
abeyance, abeyance, in suspense, inactive, inactive, inanimate, inanimate, 
indolent, indolent, indulged, inert, indulged, jaded, inert, 
lackadaisical, jaded, laggard, lackadaisical, languid,laggard, 
languishing, languishing, latent, latent, lax, lax, lazy, lazy, leaden, 
leaden, leisurely, leisurely, lethargic,lethargic, lifeless, limber, 
limber, limp, limp, limping, limping, listless, listless, logy, logy, 
loose, loose, lumbering, lumbering, lumpish, lumpish, lustless, lustless, 
marrowless, marrowless, moderate, moderate, moribund, moribund, nerveless, 
nerveless, numb,numb, pampered, pampered, passive, passive, phlegmatic, 
phlegmatic, pithless, pithless, poking, poking, poky, poky, pooped,pooped, 
powerless, powerless, relaxed, relaxed, reluctant, reluctant, rubbery, 
rubbery, sapless, sapless, sated, sated, sauntering,sauntering, sedentary, 
sedentary, shuffling, shuffling, sinewless, sinewless, slack, slack, 
sleeping, sleeping, sleepy, sleepy, slothful,slothful, slow, slow slow as 
as molasses, death, slow molasses, slow-crawling, slow-crawling,as 
slow-foot, slow-going, slow-legged, slow-foot, slow-moving, slow-going, 
slow-paced,slow-legged, slow-poky, slow-running, slow-sailing, slow-poky, 
slow-stepped, slow-running, sluggish,slow-sailing, slumbering, smoldering, 
slumbering, snail-paced, smoldering, snaillike, snail-paced, soft, 
snaillike, somnolent,soft, spineless, spiritless, spineless, staggering, 
spiritless, stagnant, staggering, stagnating, stagnant, standing, stagna- 
ting, static, strengthless, static, strolling, strengthless, stultified, 
strolling, supine, stultified, suspended,supine, tame, tentative, tame, 
toddling, tentative, torpid, toddling, tortoiselike, torpid, tottering, 
tortoiselike, trudging, turtlelike, trudging, unaroused, turtlelike, 
unhardened, unaroused, unhurried, unhardened, unnerved, unhurried, un- 
strung, unstrung, vegetable, vegetable, vegetative, vegetative, waddling, 
waddling, wan, wan, weak, weak, weakly,weakly, weary, world-weary





Extensions, Poetics of


The motion capture software has been modified; the 'extended' video multi- 
plies angles by a fairly large factor; the 'tangent' videos substitute 
tangents for sins which resulting jumps; the 'single' videos remap the 
body onto a reconfigured software model using a 'wounded' model; and 
'quarter' combines two duets; both David and Azure operated a single 
outfit for each of the figures which were then combined (two bvh files 
were used in the production). These behavior patternings are both closer 
to 'human' behavior and more distant (they use greater and/ or infinite 
'leaps' from position to position, reminiscent of catastrophe theory 
modeling). I envision the behavior bvh files will be used in Second Life 
performance; that they will form a library for choreography; and that they 
will be made available in the near future to anyone who wants to upload 
and experiment with them. 

One interesting result with extended and tangent - the figure disappears 
in the Poser universe, unless a camera is tethered to a particular body- 
part. I'm unsure what will happen in Second Life, but I imagine the Nikuko 
avatar/emanent will be rooted in the usual way, but will be completely out 
of sight for the most part. This might lead to a 'broken choreography' in 
which a dancer appears literally 'miles' outside the dance-space, although 
rooted in it. And the appearance elsewhere is a kind of chimera of course; 
within the dance-space it would exist only in an imaginary, anysign of the 
true world, dark matter.

project: Alan Sondheim
programmer: Gary Manes
models: Azure Carter, David Bello


tangent jump and filtering behavior


1 tangent jump

jump-starting-off-color-film-camera-flash-light-struck-dumb-bell-weather-
worn-down-town-house-music-box-car-body-hair-day-care-take-cover-girl-
friend-ship-shape-ride-on-time-lost-hope-so-far-out-bound-up-side-saddle-
horse-drawn-in-it-girl-friend-ship-shape-ride-on-time-lost-hope-so-far-
out-bound-up-side-ways-off-color-film-camera-flash-gun-trigger-happy-
days-work-horse-drawn-in-camera-flash-light-struck-out-bound-up-town-
house-hold-it-girl-friend-ship-yard-arm-pit-boss-job-lost-hope-so-near-
miss-out-side-board-room-mate-ship-water-boy-toy-doll-baby-rattle-snake-
eyes-out-most-times-table-turned-night-air-taxi-stand-by-ear-phone-call-
girl-time-clock-stand-out-sick-bay-bridge-toll-road-house-address-card-
shop- 

2 filtering behavior

Just as it's possible to construct digital image filters from mathematical 
formula, and text filters using the program Jim Reith designed, it's also 
possible to construct filters that act upon the recording/residue of human 
behavior. In all of these situations, one might consider a unary filter 
such that f(x) = x+0 or x*1, similar to the protective glass filter used 
on camera lenses (but not the UV filter). With a camera for example, a 
neutral density filter is x/n, where x is lumens; the filter for digital 
images is similar, and the text filter requires that, instead of x equal- 
ling, for example, a particular position of a word in a text, it equals a 
position rounded to x/n, such that letters or words might tend to group or 
repeat roughly n times. With behavior - the x/n applied to the output of 
motion capture - the filter modifies, for example subtended node angles, 
which are diminished in size.

Now with analog camera filters (silver photography), the maximum x/n is 
x/1; with digital image filtering, the image can go to white (paralleling 
an increase, say, in shutter speed in silver) as n itself goes fractional, 
i.e. one has m*x where m > 1. In text, the result is skipping words (or, 
more accurately, sequences); in behavior, the subtended angle, and there- 
fore behavioral positioning, increases and the figure appears to move more 
'wildly.' The increase of the angle is cyclical of course, on the order of 
360 degrees; large m tend towards the synergetic appearance of _new,_ not 
diminished or exaggerated, behaviors as a result. 

With motion capture, digital imagery, and text, there is already filtering 
in place; the first two are protocol-discrete, and text, on the order of 
standardized graphemes, is discrete as well, most likely positioned within 
unicode. Complex neural behavior (which is _not_ on/off binary) combines 
discrete and analog filtering; the buzz of the world never appears, 
although death sinks within it. So one might consider a number of fuzzy 
layers - what passes for the buzz of the real; organic receptors, recep- 
tions, and processings; reproductive technologies both analog and digital; 
the assumption of coherent mappings between reproduction and the buzz; 
filtering of coherent mappings which re/produces hidden detailing of the 
buzz and/or uses the mappings as originary/catalyst for other produc- 
tions (not to mention mappings which have no relation to the buzz as far 
as the producer is concerned); and so forth - all of these characteriza- 
tions messy, inhering, worlding within the true world. 

(Abraham Moles, in Information Theory and Esthetic Perception, 1958/66, 
already relates filtering and information; speaking of sonic experimenta- 
tion, he states "In short, infinite clipping selectively destroys esthetic 
information, and, from a practical point of view, leaves only semantic 
information. Thus it 'filters' the two kinds of information." And "The two 
methods, clipping and inversion, are essentially means of observing seman- 
tic and eethetic information. They may be considered as _information fil- 
ters._ Neither one produces a perfectly dichotomous, absolute filtering; 
rather, each effects only a statistical filtering." The concept is rarely 
used in the book, which predates attempts at a _phenomenology of filter- 
ing,_ a phenomenology which (perhaps beginning with Pribram on retinal 
knowledge) leads to considerations of organism and Umwelt in general.)


-

Inhering characteristics of matter, let us say substance.


Let us say substance without differentiation, by which we mean, cohering 
matter, the phenomenology of the _same_ without transitivity (as in for 
example Irigaray). One is always lost in the same. At the limit, one might
consider the same a manifold without geodesics, striations, closed upon 
itself, windowless, sightless, catatonic. But this is only a limit, never 
found, incapable of seeing or being-seen; it is the limit of death, the 
maw that absorbs us all. Now to open it up a bit:

"RECAPITULATION. -- The common or essential properties of bodies are, Im- 
penetrability, Extension, Figure, Divisibility, Inertia, and Attraction.
Attraction is of several kinds, viz. attraction of Cohesion, attraction 
of Gravitation, Capillary attraction, Chemical attraction, Magnetic 
attraction, and Electrical attraction.

The peculiar properties of bodies are, Density, Rarity, Hardness, Elastic- 
ity, Brittleness, Malleability, Ductility, and Tenacity." 

(J L Comstock, A System of Natural Philosophy, 1854 and earlier.)

Electrical attraction is of one or two kinds, positive or negative, aus- 
tral or boreal. It is an inhering fluid which gathers, puckers, expends.

Shape comes: "FIGURE OR FORM _is the result of extension, for we can not 
conceive that a body has length and breadth, without its also having some 
kind of figure, however irregular._" Fractals come: "Some solids are so 
irregular, that they cannot be compared with any mathematical figure. This 
is the case with the fragments of a broken rock, chips of wood, fractured 
glass, &c.; these are called _amorphous._" Inversion comes: "A single 
grain of musk will scent a room for years, and still lose no appreciable 
part of its weight. Here, the particles of musk must be floating in the 
air of every part of the room; otherwise they could not be every where 
perceived."

What parts of the whole subtend figure, location, differentiation from the 
other? 

Attraction might be said to construct the other, the other's construction 
of the self, both and neither, imaginary, chimera. Gravitational attrac- 
tion is like to like; magnetic and electrical like to anti-like, but of 
the otherwise same; capillary, specific like to specific other, of which 
both adhere to their essential characters; chemical, unary or mutual 
transformation of specific like to specific other; and cohesion, like to 
like or like to specific other. 

The peculiar properties inhere. "RARITY. -- This is the quality opposite 
to density, and means that the substance to which it is applied is porous, 
and light. Thus air, water, and ether, are rare substances, while gold, 
lead, and platina, are dense bodies." Today this is in fact density, and a 
peculiar property in general might be considered that which is related to 
the atomic or molecular constitution of matter, or rather the particle 
constitution of matter, hence for example the neutron star, or rather the 
constituating configuration of matter, hence for example the black hole, 
or rather nearly decomposable phenomena, hence possibly dark matter or 
strings, or whatever preserves at least the very weakest of phenomenologi- 
cal structures in the true world and its descriptive messay/anysign.

From William Peck's Introductory Course of Natural Philosophy for the Use 
of Schools and Academies, edited from Ganot's Popular Physics, 1873: 

"Physics is that branch of Natural Philosophy which treats of the general 
properties of bodies, and of the causes that modify these properties.

The principle causes that modify the properties of bodies are: _Gravita- 
tion, Heat, Light, Magnetism,_ and _Electricity._ These causes are called 
_Physical Agents._"

There are solid and fluid bodies. Bodies have mass and density. The gener- 
al properties of bodies include Magnitude, Form, Impenetrability, Inertia, 
Porosity, Divisibility, Compressibility, Dilatability, and Elasticity. Be- 
yond Gravity, there are molecular forces which include Cohesion, Adhesion,
Capillary Forces, Absorption, Imbibition ("the absorption of a liquid by a 
solid body"), Tenacity, Hardness, Ductility, and Malleability.

The book, "Peck's Ganot," is based on Ganot's elementary version of his 
Traite Elementaire de Physique; I have the 3rd 1854 edition. Here, physi- 
cal agents are as follows: "l'attraction universelle, le calorique, la 
lumiere, le magnetisme et l'electricite." Under general properties of 
bodies: "l'impenetrabilite, l'etendue, la divisibilite, la porosite, la 
compressibilite, l'elasticite, la mobilite, et l'inertie." Particular 
properties are those observed in certain bodies or certain states of bod- 
ies, such as solidity, fluidity, tenacity, ductility, malleability, hard- 
ness, transparency, and coloration; there is density, weight, various 
forms of elasticity, etc. 

Heat, steam, hydraulics, magnetism, electricity, fluids, gas: the world is 
in flux, numerous solids are porous, some transparent to magnetism, x-rays 
and other out of directly perceivable bandwidth radiations and receptors - 
all challenge the muteness of amphiboles, some absorb others, some gener- 
ate others, some construct others as problematic, some are coherent, some 
inhere, some leak into Freud's hydraulic model, some are id-messy or 
libido-messy.

As I have pointed out, electrical fluid inhabits the spherical; the point, 
punctum, drains it. Harboring matter is puckered, withdrawn. The fluid 
seeps off in due time. It can be gathered in leyden jars, spewed from 
voltaic piles (dynamic or galvanic electricity), generated from machines 
(Wimhurst, von Guericke, etc.) with glass disks or cylinders or small 
furnaces and stem or cat fur, pith, resin, tin foil (see the electrophor- 
ous). It is social, the subject of "electrical recreations" led by men for 
young women holding hands, sparking one another, hair stood on end, short- 
circuiting jars and condensers. It's the men who electrocute dogs and 
birds, test the apparatus against the limits of life and death. It's the 
pith-man and pith-woman who jump up and down in funny embrace in a small 
electrostatic entertainment. It's the woman who demonstrates the magnetic 
swan to a small boy. 

There's ectoplasm, outside the ken of these books, these models, as are 
all sorts of spirits. Still, Peck/Ganot states right at the beginning: 
"The Universe may be regarded as made up of _mind_ and _matter._ MIND is 
that which thinks and wills; MATTER is that of which we become cognizant 
through the medium of the senses. Science admits of two corresponding 
divisions, _Science of Mind,_ or METAPHYSICS, and _Science of Matter,_ or 
NATURAL PHILOSOPHY."

Three simple points from all of this: Much coheres, inheres, to matter; 
some of what coheres or inheres is in problematic relation with an other 
(general or specific); and much of these relatively early dialogs empha- 
size a simplicity of fluidic substance and magnetic/electromagnetic 
experimentation. While the science and technical characterization of the 
world is clearly outmoded, the _phenomenology_ emphasizing a blurring of 
static and dynamic, force and presence, circuit and stasis, state and 
operator, and self and other, is rather sophisticated and uncannily 
resonates with the messy and problematic distinctions among analogic and 
digital/discrete domains, emanent and organic life, and real and virtual 
as well as sign and anysign, all within the true world. We can't stop now; 
we're just beginning to understand that the question isn't how many angels 
are dancing on the head of a pin - the question is, how many angels are in 
it.
==


prisoners


prisoners of motion capture, prisoners of west virginia

prisoners of caloric, froid, prisoners of gravitation
prisoners of art, mayhem, vandal, prisoners of desecration

o to be a prisoner of life again (above the clouds
o to be a prisoner of love again (within the waters
o to be a prisoner of truth again (beyond the earths
o to be a prisoner of dance again (before the fires

prisoners of fires, froid, prisoners of aerostat and transport
transport of prisoners, clouds, waters, earths, fluids

yes, prisoners of fluids, prisoners of fluids and places
prisoners of west virginia, of fluids, places, life, love,
 truth and dance again



contradiction of untethering


power and the tethering of one to another.
short-hand rewrites of moments erased, untethered from the real.
	the soaring mind outstripped the tethered heart.
thet ef en _entethereng_ ef lengeege end emege, es fremes meve en theer
fills with camels; there are goats baaing tethered for their milk and
tethered-to-you ring, ectoplasms, nuances, _the uncanny_
tethered ta the mather,
tethered ta the ather mather
of< >the< >tethering< >of< >each< >and< >every< >bird< >in< >flight
her arms tethered the knife slicing away at alan's wasted breasts.
by tethers like that, this, the other, just as the parts of me beg for
a dead man in a gully, why do you leave me tethered like a beautiful
severed, sky tethered, remnants tethered,
 tethered inward, the air
untethered, riggings
the ritual objects and tethered animals. the sacred mats and hairs of only
one color. the banners and winds. the ritual objects and tethered animals.
the sloppiness of letters and text loosely tethered to the world. i will
language, untethering of thought, which wanders blindly among surfaces.
of language, untethering of thought, which wiancders blindly among
our worlds are loosely tethered
our worlds are loosely tethered
our worlds are loosely tethered
our worlds are loosely tethered
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in -
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in - corrals
retethered - the thinking of the return - nomadic homing-in - corrals
of this world, not of us. the tether always breaks. we built ourselves
   cut at last, untethered real floating off and on -
that is it wants to hold on to the tethers in all weathers, i know when
emptied, swollen and diffused in air, untethered, transfigured.
swollen diffused air, untethered, transfigured.  nor other, is, carries
tethered trappings
tethered trappings
tethered trappings -
tethered trappings
tethered trappings
attention to itself through the remaining tethers - it's there that the
similar grounds when unnecessary, always _untethering,_ from running, from
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
matters strings dark quarks strings from quarks no untethering
languagings\! the witnesses\! untethering emptied out more\! no more\! no
boiling quarks strings dark matters soul emptied untethering witnesses
untethering the witnesses!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering the witnesses!
tethering.
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
untethering the witnesses!
untethering languagings!
dis/semination crosses the tethering of virtuals, reddened, present.
tethered in nothing, present or absent.
tether to dross
 that's we're fragility obsolescence inhering untethered tenuously
tethered bits bytes
unhinging of language already inconceivably tethered. avatars bypass
untethered
untethered
the world tethered by such pronouncements, on the surface of the world,
tethering,pronouncements, but on what? imperfectly, we are fastened to the
untethered
untethered
into sickness, consciousness like that, drooling tethered from past, just
primordial thought of the "my avatars are leashed, tethered to logical
tethered to logical reach of avatars. reach avatars. of and my people! my
emanations tether flesh to representation
worlds disappear, tethered to exhausted signs.
you're dancing, tethered; the dance conforms to tethering; there's no
member tight; your dancing, tethering me; i'm held there; the dance
is tethered at a root somewhat distanced from the object-image itself, it
<cylinder>: i can change more than any of you. but i'm tethered to you.
untethered, release, haunted - oh i cried when i found it, this delicate
hold carry cultural skein linking loosely tethered
short-hand rewrites erased, untethered real. reread after numerous
parts; within the analogic, parts are holes, sintered, untethered,

tethered and somewhat distanced




wounded ballet


doubled figures, arms oriented at right angles to each other; within each 
figure, arms oriented at right angles; within each arm, right angles at 
the elbow. these are wounded figures, internally bandaged.

internally bandaged, and yet with the agon of ballet, brave and deter- 
mined.

start the the right initial breast extremity and under fix right two
breast circular and start fix the by initial two extremity circular under
turns, bandage then obliquely carry up bandage the obliquely right up
breast, breast, carry over shoulder, left across shoulder, and across the
under left overlapping the one-half previous previous across horizontal
under circualar diagonally turn. across pass, and then, up diagonally the
back turn. down and around right to under starting one point. complete
this turn is which one repeated complete four turn or which five repeated
starting four point. or this five is times bandage. finishes horizontal
bandage. should horizontal ascend turns as should they ascend overlap as
times they finishes overlap the oblique and advance the outward breasts
upward they on and breasts turns overlap.


After the Deluge


After the deluge of writing, resonant texts and languagings, and after the 
flood of words utterable and common, I searched for a word with suitable 
prevarication, hedging my bets until the day after. Then to my wisdom, 
prevarication itself appeared, murmured and approached, why, it said, I am 
only once among you, and then repeated in a gathering of abstract theory. 
Were there ten directions or beings from the ten directions, present or 
waiting for your arrival? Who were you, and why have we come upon you?


oi.txt:useless prevarications, en-compassings of the ten directions.
theory.txt:useless prevarications, en-compassings of the ten directions.


Grim Barrier at Second Life


Avatar attempting break-in at Second Life barrier, without permission s/he 
cannot enter through the barrier, and there is no permission for someone 
who is not a member and may not want to become one or may not believe the 
same things the members believe, so there is only one way to see what is 
going on, and that is to break in, which is such a hopeless thing, the 
poor avatar tries and tries at the gates of plenty and nothing seems to 
work and it is very sad, this useless struggle in the face of overwhelming 
odds as it seems that the entire world is against hir, even the weather 
refuses to provide a pleasant day which would make the struggle a delight- 
ful exercise, but now the brutal wind and cold unseasonable storm certain- 
ly intervenes, we can only feel terrible sorry and pity for the trials and 
vicissitudes of the unhappy avatar who pathetically tries forever in an 
unthinking and unfeeling world passing her by with lives of fulfillment 
and excitement s/he will never know,



Foofwa d'Imobilite smeared across space-time.

A slow laser scanned to +/- 1-2 millimeters over seven static scenarios
and 9 minutes.

The outer shell represents the behavioral space set to something like
9 millimeters.

Bodies in space surrounded by symbolic fields in the true world. We have
worked hard to construct the imaginary of being-human.

The difference between an image and a diagram is syntax.

In these smears, the underlying syntax is both spewed and abject. 
The skin of being human is replaced by an emanent shell. The image of 
the true world is just beyond the space of the proscenium.

Later, I will awake and write about the phenomenology of all of these,
videos, photographs, constructs, miniaturization of pre-alpine spaces,
dances of exaltation and mourning.


Too Many


Early mocap results with Foofwa d'Imobilite and Kira Sedlock. Why should 
you care? Doubles doubled, fabricated responses one to another as if 'the 
mutual orientation of cognitive domains' ensured, if not constructed, 
meaning. But then, the shell of the true world **

and why this constant production of the doubly-inundated body? Each ham- 
mers the other, shimmers the Other. But I'm worn out at this point and 
images are heaps on images and somewhere I'm sure something's elusive, or 
not?

But surely these are brilliant? Shimmer?

**


Emanent new-work in the true world


Abjection smears sound/space/time/inscription across vibration, vlf radio, 
scan, motion capture - work either at the limit, or smeared from the 
center. The center dissolves with sheave-skin but recuperates with shell 
thickening in 3d post-processing software. So far I'm fascinated by the 
images/sounds; although the differences with the avatar/mocap videos may 
appear minute, they represent fairly large- scale behavior differences in 
the studio.



Nub


The nub /u/ is mute, blunt, dubbed, bud, mud, thump, bump, lump, stump, 
cut, sloughed, rubbed. Nub is analogic, a dump, hump, rump, curvature; nub 
resists discrete, it's sub, substance, stumped, not digital, corporate, 
specific. Nub is slunk, slung, hung; nub stretches, falls, clumps, clumsy. 
Nub is ur-substance, shunt. Category of nub, nub fever, stubbed. Sumped 
thing burrowed, exhumed, culled, summed, un-luminous, runt-category, type 
of muss or fuss. Flung, stung, always numb, nub indiscrete, un-discrete. 
Nub is mute or blunt thing, thing dubbed, sutured bud, rusted mud, thump 
or bump of nub sound, unmanageable lump, stump of nub, nub-stump (always 
such, never stem or trunk sunk or burned punk). Cut but mute, not treble 
tone, base filter, though rung, lune, plummed, lunged, hummed, murmured 
murder, jumped,



my friends, in your heavens you have forgotten us
my friend looks for pulsars in the radio spectrum
my friend goes to hospital, she can't walk, toes going numb
my friend's mother-in-law dies after reciting numbers
against stars in the night air, signs
against stars in the night air, numbers
against stars in the night air, those who move at night
those who move against the stars and have been forgotten




3 z-axis non-scaled mods from Foofwa/Kira mocap
trilled/waltz are from the same bvh; one presents sheave-skin interior


This is as close as I can get to... ...gutsy organs, sloughed wade.
It's not very close; the sheave-skin breaks into air. I'd note that even
its mathematical substructure defines manifolds emptied of anything but
nurbs, splines, whatever - tension across the sheave.

Or rather the sheave/manifold - tension defined on the two-dimensional
curved surface. One might draw vectors for example. One pulls, pushes -
directly or through bvh and other manipulations. Mobility/intention in 
Second Life for example.

These vectors breathe in the surrounding space. With poles and polars, 
space is on the move. So you're saying? That abstractions, mapping, might, 
on a metaphorical level, pucker just about everywhere, a slid ontology.

It's sight, then? It's sight, or rather what's seen is what's sheave. 
Although of course one might make sheave or sheaves invisible; it's an 
option.

And there might be invisibilites built-in - everywhere, in SL, in Poser, 
across the true world? Yes, what we call ghosts are only these slid 
ontologies.


THEORY OF THEIRS


Things no longer split, discrete; they fissure, substance. From one side
to another, the same - I might declare | as any side, but what?
Disappearance (as a result) of any distinction, virtual wanderings among
virtual wanderings. This sweep ANNIHILATES US, lineages forget THE NAMING
OF THE DINOSAURS. Now what are left are EYES and for the purposing of
eyes. CONCRETELY the incandescent world, CONCRETELY information corrodes,
dissipates, from within. ALWAYS FROM WITHIN. And always NOW and HERE.:OUR
BODY SKINS ARE BORROWED, nothing less than churned wheelings dig into
momentary gravity. WHEN GALAXIES COLLIDE, life smears across the universe,
matter-energy returns, structure loses. Somewhere a thing knows
"INFORMATION is LOST" for that split peta-second before the tide. There
are no TEETH to the cosmos, only lassitude, languor, and enormous clangs
as sound screams through plasma. Here is my mark | and here | and here |
readied and lost before reading: that split which useless inscribes
simultaneously within erasure.:What was it I wanted to say? Oh yes, the
Large Attractor in the universe, once this is unaccounted-for, everything
is, we're lost in a cosmos, and if we CONCRETELY examine our lives thusly,
do we not forfeit everything? For in space and time we already are
virtual, non-existent, instinctual ghosts hungered for a token or mark of
indescribable PRESENCE.::<dissipation of time, naturally, DATA UNIVERSE
gone down

Come with me, Things no longer split, discrete; they fissure, substance.
From one side to another, the same - I might declare | as any side, but
what? Disappearance (as a result) of any distinction, virtual wanderings
among virtual wanderings. This sweep ANNIHILATES US, lineages forget THE
NAMING OF THE DINOSAURS. Now what are left are EYES and for the purposing
of eyes. CONCRETELY the incandescent world, CONCRETELY information
corrodes, dissipates, from within. ALWAYS FROM WITHIN. And always NOW and
HERE., beautiful wetware!

 love these feelings, What was it I wanted to say? Oh yes, the Large
Attractor in the universe, once this is unaccounted-for, everything is,
we're lost in a cosmos, and if we CONCRETELY examine our lives thusly, do
we not forfeit everything? For in space and time we already are virtual,
non-existent, instinctual ghosts hungered for a token or mark of
indescribable PRESENCE. ... Driven by drive-letters, gone world junkie ...

incandescent like me in your baby!

data Data dAta dATa daTA DAta DaTa DatA dATa dAtA DATa DAtA DATA DaTA
<already something amiss, RECOUNT, there's hardly any time left
<dissipation of time, naturally, DATA UNIVERSE gone down




srenilyc dna snoitcennoc fo stsehc::.llew sa sevael ,flesti tcejbo eht
,noitatic eht dna etis eht evael i ;nrob-llits si gnihtyreve tub .emit ni
tniop siht ta lacitirc smees taht ygolopot ot yhpargopot morf evom a -
cinagro eht ro cinihcam eht rehtie fo ecalp ni tros niatrec a fo
ytivitcennoc stneserp tsael ta hcihw ',ratava' dna ',edon' ',rednilyc'
sretcarahc htiw gnitirw neeb ev'i .elpoep eht wonk neve t'nod i dna
noisivelet no seispotua fo spuesolc era ereht ,doog t'nsi ereh dnuora swen
eht .uoy ot kcits a dloh t'nac taht seidob ratava htiw ysub oot neeb ev'i
refinnej uoy togrof i:.regnuh ,htaed ,tsud ,snoteleks ,senob ,tsap eht fo
xedni etaciled siht ,ti dnuof i nehw deirc i ho - detnuah ,esaeler
,derehtetnu ,etacifitrec taht evah i ;tirem fo etacifitrec a dedrawa saw
enoemos 1481 ni .etag eht ta retlaf sgnitirw ym os tsuj - sdlrow fo
ytiligarf eht fo ,siht fo dias eb nac tahw .kcabdeef ,ecnalab laropmet ot
deit os ,eligarf os er'yeht - snoitatneserper fo nieks a ni dezinagro era
skrow dna sgnignoleb ym lla .syad fo rettam eht ni ,ylkciuq deneppah hcihw
noisrepsid a ,sedaced revo delbmessa dna dezinagro ehs dlrow eht fo
noisrepsid eht :htaed yna ni sneppah tahw ,deid rehtom ym nehw dnahtsrif
denrael i ;meht evah t'nod netfo dna seman deen sgniht .msinagro dna
noitcennoc fo egrem eht si rewolf eht ,epahs a si rewolf eht ,dnucef
,detcennoc si rewolf eht:.dlrow eht krow .meht tegrof .emit ni tniop siht
ta yrassecen ylno sporp ynam os sa raeppasid taht stcurtsnoc cinihcam
,slexip ,smirp tub gnihton .nrobhtrae ,nrobria ,htriber fo etats tnatsnoc
ni ,sselriah ,desnaelc ,lautriv eht fo yranigami ,laer eht fo tirg eht
,noitatneserper fo seihpargopot ,aidem fo seigolopot ,aidem dna seidob fo
seihpargopot ,erised fo seigolopot ,stnemom lla ,raeppasid sevil fo
sevaehs ,sraeppasid taht yalpsid cinagro ni selor gniyalp-xes

strap dna stnemhcatta fo tesolc drawyaw ym ni si srotcev dna sedon fo
selbat llams ruoY

refinneJ-uluJ em gninrut - strap dna stnemhcatta fo tesolc ym otni spees
tsaerb ruoY


cheap shots

dances of exaltation and mourning. the most beautiful captured images
dance routes. death churns bodies as homes habitus dissolve. these dances
beneath the sheets, kira beneath the sheets, 27 small gifs lasedance
series. series is cloud clusters; it takes beneath the sheets, gary manes
would have dancework darknet decathected decathecting decathection
decathects movements _catatonic sex-dances_ or rites passage held in
position wise dull transmissions. a catatonic sex-dance molding ingestion
beneath the sheets, whose flesh carved into semblance human being). called
'sex-dance' if dual; also 'corporation-dance,' 'money-dance,' 'incorpora-
tion-dance,' 'culture-dance,' 'death-dance.' sheavent beneath the sheets,
mapping cohering. dance beneath the sheets, like that bees beneath the
sheets, course any tonic substance-catatonia (misnomer oxymoron to boot)
inscription-sex-dance (the same beneath the sheets, other boot beneath the
sheets, terms booting mono-accordance with academy fine arts pay scales.
assistance / guidance you need from me? re-mappings back "first life"
spaces dancers live geography (where 3d cave is) beneath the sheets,
computer sciences beneath the sheets, english. dancer/performer foofwa -
this work shown mostly europe laws state california beneath the sheets,
without giving will be around then dancer geneva). use dance- space for
rehearsal filming (this could motion capture equipment second life beneath
the sheets, working significant groups like beneath the sheets, bouncing
forth between worlds beneath the sheets, taking mocap data upon has been
experimenting performance either solo (foofwa space simulator where
avatars can go see hear how everything you? obviously i saw recording
stuff. do tending body beneath the sheets, song voice beneath the sheets,
among through film beneath the sheets, digital media beneath the sheets,
words beneath the sheets, improvisational music beneath the sheets,
experimental music; december issue beneath the sheets, beneath the sheets,
impossible ritual beneath the sheets, alan sondheim investigates
shortcomings impossibilities behavior beneath the sheets,
dancer/choreography d'imobilite beneath the sheets, based new york geneva
beneath the sheets, courses film at brown university. works swiss dancer/
art cackle beneath the sheets, science; he'll remove dancer/choreographer



Roiling encounters and reminder of Millennium show forthcoming.

Stories are constructed from narrative tropes, here reduced to the minimum
as policehamscanner tends towards gaps in transmission, bandwidth skit-
ters,

Who should find the fourteen-year-old boy, the burning apartment intact or
thrummed into oblivion, defuge of l.a., hostage, I remain at my desk,
there is one encounter, and for that as for many other,s, for example that
of a stranger in the city, I hear no end of it, nothing coming forth, no
glued to transmission reception, I will be your transitive, I will pass on
among ye, I will pass before and behind thee, I will pass within thee, I
will pass without thee, and that which I convey I have already forgotten,
I am yaw to your mind, larboard to your starboard.

Who will be that one awaiting completion, who will signify the order of
completing, awaiting the completing, passing swiftly by?


Of the most beautiful captured images of dance


Last night I thought: Karl Kraus and Nietzsche, stillborn, damaged; no 
matter how clear the crystal, how strong an insistent dna produces those 
semblances of originary moments, everything disappears in the end. Or in 
the end is wounded, a wound. Nothing from the past needs to / can / heal; 
the past is superseded, bypassed; culture and species take circuitous 
routes. Death churns bodies as homes and habitus dissolve. These dances, 
however striated, remain unique as orbitals; our lab room will is perhaps 
close to abandonment, outside the snow is falling, perhaps for the very 
last time.


The lasedance series is cloud clusters; it takes, as Gary Manes would have 
it, considerable AI to decide on object choices. So these are raw data 
files which are by far the most beautiful, convey the most information. 
When you look at the gifs, click on the + sign to see them at the original 
size; otherwise, you'll get odd moire patterns which can be nuisance.

The exaggerated perspective exalts the performative aspects of the poses 
which capture in fact a compressed space-time dynamic. In booboo (named 
after Rat Pfink a Boo Boo) it's inverse; the motion is de/jected, reduced 
to that of an alien crab or daddy-long-legs (neither insect nor spider).

Five yeses to these: yes yes yes yes yes.



(Final) Frontier


I like to believe I'm working on a frontier and all I can tell you is 
what's on the normative side of things; the rest is yet to be seen, 
unabsorbed. Once brought in from the Pale, it's of lesser interest, but 
beyond the Pale there's nothing but the agony of shadows. Defuge takes 
over and the frontier, always an imaginary, shudders and reconvenes.

The videos/choreographies exist between human and human - someone was 
there making the original files with motion capture, and someone is at the 
other end, watching and using them once again. The virtual is a shadow of 
the real, the real is a shadow of the virtual, and within the true world 
superimpositions, gestures, and the fading of ontologies characterize what 
remains of the fixity of inscriptive practices of the classical and modern 
ages.

Distinctions are blurred through embedding and filtering. Avatars and 
humans - together, emanents - are embedded in online virtual worlds, in 
spaces which are simultaneously physical/inert/analog and virtual/mobile/ 
digital. Every seeing, every being, is a filtering; existence and copula 
are interwoven. A current collection of texts is called Messays; in a 
Messay, there's no leading sentence, no orderly sequence of ideas, no 
summings-up, no conclusions. The essay is to classical narratology as the 
messay is to future true world genres which seep into one another, head- 
less and tailless - meandering on the one hand, problematic obeisance to 
protocols on the other.

What we started with is the body which is inscribed with scars, scratches, 
tears, wounds, blemishes, abrasions, cuts, and all other debris carrying 
analogic history into the symbolic. What we continued with are tattoos, 
incisions, fashion, gesture, languagings, and what continually emerges is 
the body harboring technology as self retreats or withdraws, puckers, from 
the wild symphonics of externally-applied filters digging ever deeper.

The walk or arm-swing becomes gesture becomes anysign becomes trade-off, 
translation, transformation, exchange, interoperability, reified territor- 
ialization. One sits at a console and breathes through sheave-skin, 
another begins vortex stage-center with flesh-electric, a third wanders 
memory of others airless, unbreathing, peripheral wanderings mediated at 
mind's back. From the airless, flesh-breathers are attracted, gather, 
project and introject, their selves flowing, flooding, abjecting, full of 
scent and coagulation.

We take our tiny community of people up and down mountains, in and out of 
clubs and iced fields, across the chiasm of cut bodies and body cuts, 
mines and other extractive industries across the flesh of land and bodies. 
What we bring back is always new, even if only in the slightest detail, a 
brush of the hand or turn of the head that was never seen before. And we 
keep to our goal of understanding filtering and embedding better than 
before, and understanding bodies in the always future anterior world, the 
true world of emanents and anysign where we're living, breathing, writing 
and wryting, this and any future day.

Almost every avatar you see represented is a composite of two people; if 
you see two avatars engaged with one another, the engagement is contiguous 
at best, and each avatar is itself a composite. The composites are male 
and female; they reflect and murmur other in relation. Two are four, four 
are eight, eight are sixteen. Or more, depending on the configuration of 
motion-capture, the independence of minds and intentions. 

Laplanche and Pontalis, The Language of Psychoanalysis, the Imaginary:

"In the sense given to this term by Jacques Lacan (and generally used 
substantively); one of the three essential orders of the psycho-analytic 
field" [...]

[...] "Lacan brought forward the idea that the ego of the human infant - 
as a result, in particular, of its biological prematurity - is constituted 
on the basis of the image of the counterpart (specular ego).

Bearing in mind this primordial experience: we may categorize the 
following as falling  into the Imaginary:

a. from the intrasubjective point of view, the basically narcissistic 
relation of the subject to his ego;

b. from the intersubjective point of view, a so-called _dual_ relationship 
based on - and captured by - the image of a counterpart (erotic attrac- 
tion, aggressive tension). For Lacan, a counterpart (i.e. another who is 
me) can only exist by virtue of the fact that the ego is originally 
another." [...]

Thus simultaneously a space of mirroring and of singular constitution, a 
space of a real and an evanescence. In Second Life, objects are 
constituted in relation to a well-ordered data-base, without which the 
enumeration of potential behaviors, constructions, and wanderings would 
be impossible. 

"another who is me" - another always is me, neither constitutive nor part- 
and-parcel. One leaps on the page to "Incorporation": "Process whereby the 
subject, more or less on the level of phantasy, has an object penetrate 
his body and keeps it 'inside' his body." Etc. etc., more or less. One 
might argue that it is always incorporation, that the world is world by 
virtue of _devouring._ I would ask, who pulls the strings, moves the 
sensors, whereby one has been two, two murmur one, in these image of 
behaviors that are simultaneously inconceivable, and at the root of every 
narrative?

It doesn't stop there; the avatars are the result of filtered behavior, 
filtered in such a way that f(n) does not equal 1, i.e. is not trans- 
parent, but in fact transforms behavior into caricature that gnaws at the 
body, representative and within a primordial gnawing, if you like. (This 
filtering occurs in the transmission/reception stage of raw sensor data 
turning towards coherent representation. Filtering is mobile, perhaps 
system noise, more likely hacking or rupture, the dim imaging of presence 
unaccounted-for. Any reception is filtered - I'm arguing for yet another 
stage in the communications model, existing in those liminal interfaces 
among block-diagram entities and arrows.)

Table 5, Eco's theory of codes in A Theory of Semiotics - the Watergate 
(hydraulic) Model interpreted in relation to expression and content 
planes. But framed on the left: "Continuum / Light, electric phenomena / 
Non-semiotic matter" and on the right: "Continuum / the unshaped continuum 
of the position of the water along with everything one can think about it 
/ Non-semiotic matter." One discretely cuts surgically within the analogic 
which remains impervious, bounding; a discrete cut cuts discretely, con- 
structs difference across fissure, that is operates within and constructs 
inscription. Isn't the world such an inscription? Let us think of non- 
semiotic matter as _dark matter_ to be brought within the fold (pli).

Selves are located, others and an others are located, between these mat- 
ters, which are all that matter, out of which the drawing-forth is tempor- 
ary at best. Nagarjuna has no position and this positionlessness is as 
close as one can get. 

The doubled figures within the figures of the avatars you see projected on 
the screen, live or in careful reproduction, are uncanny; they appear in 
documentary footage to be completely independent, but by virtue of the 
sensors are connected, as in Bell's theorem, in such a manner as a frac- 
tured _monother_ or entity is produced. Conflicting forces are combined 
without effect or affect traveling among them: there is no resolution, 
only tearings as the image-monother accommodates them all. Think of the 
movements as _catatonic sex-dances_ or rites of passage held in position 
precisely by those noisy channels which, parasitic, spew culture in other- 
wise dull transmissions. A catatonic sex-dance is a molding or ingestion, 
incorporations, of others in order to form selves (an 'adult' is an entity 
whose flesh is carved into the semblance of a human being). A dance is 
called 'sex-dance' if it is dual; it is also 'corporation-dance,' 'money- 
dance,' 'incorporation-dance,' 'culture-dance,' 'death-dance.' Sheave- 
skins generate nothing internally but imaginaries; externally, they 
generate internals. Think of the monother as worlding, the mapping of 
external universes onto, within, small finite spaces which appear coher- 
ent, the mapping cohering. The dance, like that of bees, is of course any 
communication, established or not, channeled or not; one might think of 
beings inhabiting monothers in such a way that their touch is full, 
replete, of one another. What you see on the screen may appear both tired 
and strange, but it is also a model of the true world within which 
monothers characterize life and lives, living, inhabitations, habitus. 
(Think of the 'it' in 'one going it alone.') 

You have to look for the specific discrete levels, nodes, configurations, 
on the expression plane - all of which are moving at high-speed - but you 
_must_ look, drawing forth a narrative, which, like all others, is yours 
and yours alone and ties, however uncomfortably, the appearance of beings 
into Being. You have to see monothers shimmering among modes of existence, 
ontologies, for example, movements among rocks and cliffs and movements 
among intended rocks and cliffs, deferring among intentional/configured 
ontologies, and those which are mute, inert, idiotic. Or divide the cata- 
tonic sex-dance into substance-catatonia (misnomer and oxymoron to boot) 
and inscription-sex-dance (the same, the other boot, terms booting mono- 
thers into the arena). 

Now you're getting closer to the relationship among inscription, code, 
substance, communication, &tc, and further might bring you permanently, 
like a matchmaker.com, into collusion from collocation, where contiguity 
and contingency meld and something permanently unnameable emerges, where 
Nagarjuna's grasping, samsara, appears:

" When there is a grasping, the grasper
  Comes into existence.
  If he did not grasp,
  Then being freed, he would not come into existence. "

(The Fundamental Wisdom of the Middle Way, Nagarjuna's Mulamadhyamakakar- 
ika, translation and commentary Jay L. Garfield.)

Let them go at that.



true world newsreel


The newsreel of part-objects, snippets of radio communication as heard, 
stuttered stories which remain incomplete, deferred, a call for help from 
a vessel, things burning, missing, people with guns, raptures, misrecogni- 
tions, what makes the night go faster in Brooklyn New York and everywhere. 
This is the truth of cinema, raw-fed documentary. If there were a narrato- 
logical ground, this would be it; if there were recuperation, this would 
be the initial stages of constitution. Everything defers to raw data, 
which, by a circuitous route, announces itself, establishes sequencing by 
repetition. Every inscription is unique, of a sort or type, typed. The 
lexicon of events is narrow. Listening reveals nothing but whispers that 
there is nothing to be revealed, or what is present is of revelation. What 
remains to be said or inscribed is the coagulation of culture. Every 
culture has a theory sifting coagulation; such a theory is culture. There 
is no gainsaying this, no way to make headway, no events; there is voice.


death-gloom


how did we get here
we've been 
here 
all along

now getting 
along in years
distances that seemed surmountable
become unbridgeable chasms

or:
up in years
touch 
now
unbridged

on this side we
watch from 
the other 
separations stretch and break

not here, not there
i can't look 
everywhere for you

i'm growing apart from 
myself 
they're separating

from 

this peak 
this 
speak
name



He died in her sleep.

(or: She died in his sleep.)

'For vices all have different ends,
But virtue still to virtue tends.'
(Swift)
The long and narrow road, catastrophe theory's fragility of good things, 
beset on every side by the efflorescence, fecundity, of vice; if Heaven is 
pure substance, Vice is impure inscription; if Heaven is continuous, Vice 
is discrete; if Heaven is discrete, Vice is the heart of indiscretion 
itself.

He died in their sleep. In their longing for rest, he was one of the 
forgotten, his body withering away to practically nothing, his data-base 
entries under erasure, digitally smudged, evaporated. Perhaps he said 
something, anything, at one point, but pronouns long since disappeared.

'_The chora,_ which is neither "sensible" nor "intelligible," belongs to a 
"third genus" (_triton genos,_ 48e, 52a). One cannot even say of it that 
it is _neither_ this _nor_ that or that it is _both_ this _and_ that." 
(Derrida)
Sheffer added another before his death, not _both_ this _and_ that. 
I added these comments, as well, before my death, which I await, again, in 
someone else's sleep, that unknown of dreaming I shall never greet.


image

I'm going nowhere, but I'm going straight.
There's a bridge ahead, what if I go right?
What if I go left, there's a bridge ahead.
The bridge vectors the world, what if it's 3-d?
What if something's underneath, dark woods and trolls?
Or picture of dark woods or wandering, I'm too wandering.
Everything's washed away, my tongue's cut out.
I can't take this picture and I took this picture.
I can't take it anywhere, I'm going nowhere.
MY PATH IS LIKE A TWIG. I'm Hyperion and you are too.
There's nothing in the stream between one fork and another.
But the earth, the earth.

Years ago I wrote how stupid I was. Stupid stupid stupid.
Isn't this proof, do you need any more?
MY PATH IS LIKE A BROKEN TWIG. It's on the road somewhere.

I can't even end this.


story and images for today

we're beginning to 'pack' these (these are point-sets)
narratives emerge out the other end
punctum in points, swirl-objects emptied of substance: the grid >

{but what sort of narratives? one can comic-strip images; if the tableau 
is 3-d, an .obj file is apropos, Blender or other viewer. think of moving 
around a static landscape, everything literally still-born.

people move within a scanning field, hold poses or continue on. events are 
transformed by an absence of disappearance, only transformations of view- 
point. everything is there, just as one might have planned, frozen moments 
at the end of the universe.

events are collapsed, as if they're time sliced, 4 into 3 into 2-d, then 
everything unravels at the other end, it's up to you, bring in the soft- 
ware, I'll supply the objects. then you might explore something stolid, 
interactive by its very nature, you come in wherever you want, leave 
whenever. now I must retire, Jezebel's on television, moving about in a 
very limited area, and I'm breathless.}

[I am the master of the stolid still-born narrative, master of the dead 
skin sheave-skin emanent. I make fake and I make fake real. fine me, don't 
mind me; I wryte the stories into dead-space.]

(please view at 1/1; otherwise you might get moire patterns, or at least 
an unwanted thickening, pixels clambering on pixels, no space left 
anywhere. for .obj/.mtl, try Blender, blender.org)



consort consort
trueland sex
violent pulsion
buddha relics
broken petals
doubled puppets
soundless spaceless
instinct noise
crashland speed
airless forest
sheave-skin token
consort consort


This Sex which is not None


"When I move my eyes, I take account of their movement, without being 
expressly conscious of the fact, and am thereby aware that the upheaval 
caused in my field of vision is only apparent. Similarly sexuality, 
without being the object of any intended act of consciousness, can 
underlie and guide specified forms of my experience,. Taken in this way, 
as an ambiguous atmosphere, sexuality is co-extensive with life. In other 
words, ambiguity is of the essence of human existence, and everything we 
live or think has always several meanings. A way of life - an attitude of 
escapism and need of solitude - is perhaps a generalized expression of a 
certain state of sexuality,. In thus becoming transformed into existence, 
sexuality has taken upon itself so general a significance, the sexual 
theme has contrived to be for the subject the occasion for so many 
accurate and true observations in themselves, of so many rationally based 
decisions, and it has become so loaded with the passage of time that it is 
an impossible undertaking to seek, within the framework of sexuality, the 
explanation of the framework of existence, The fact remains that this 
existence is the act of taking up and making explicit a sexual situation, 
and that in this way it has always a double sense. There is interfusion 
between sexuality and existence, which means that existence permeates 
sexuality and _vice versa,_ so that it is impossible to determine, in a 
given decision or action, the proportion of sexual to other motivations, 
impossible to label a decision or act 'sexual' or 'non-sexual.' Thus there 
is in human existence a principle of indeterminacy, and this indeterminacy 
is not only for us, it does not stem from some imperfection of our 
knowledge, and we must not imagine that any God could sound our hearts and 
minds and determine what we owe to nature and what to freedom. Existence 
is indeterminate in itself, by reason of its fundamental structure [...]" 
(Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception)

It's murky, this being always hinting at structure or organ, somewhere 
down beneath the surface (invisible from the surface, from the exterior), 
well something's there causing the commotion, a messy engine or drive, 
pulsion, a vibration which comes and leaves in fits. Hard to reconcile 
with the rest of the chattered world, that boy's got something, that 
girl's got something, as if on a day in spring, a ripening, and what does 
that have to do with one's place in the cosmos? One begins to discern 
structure, a presence or devouring presence or presence to be devoured, 
but dimly, a symbol, cupped hands lifting up, you can hold water that way. 
The skin holds water, filters it. See, here's the Thing, Being is tawdry, 
sad, something to kick around, we can't get to the Universal; Being or 
beings make no difference at all, nothing, they're like a pair of socks, 
something to run around in. Being or emptiness, beings or Emptiness, we're 
talking about ourselves, a local farm, what's temporarily present in the 
biome. It's a "region," just as sex-being, being-sex, existence is a 
region, a region which is perhaps regional, perhaps not. Carrying organs 
and communities within us, and they make all the decisions, separations, 
our cries and murmurs, analytics, are regional paste, local determinations 
within the inconceivable; our conceptualizations are skitterings. It's a 
truism - I talk and write from inside my body. Conceptually, say whatever 
you want, this language machine, this computer, goes back to the Acheulian 
hand-ax and earlier; tools were always with us, always thrusting into 
earth or stem or flesh.

This is why existence is a dead word and sex is not; sex starts inside 
something and moves inside something and maybe something else, and 
existence, beings and Being, does nothing. Or does nothing outside the 
copula; existents reside within the copula, they're chained-linked in our 
imaginary which tries to hang on, with the slimmest of threads, to some- 
thing that might be considered, not only external (for we sense those, the 
scent of the true world), but out there, structure paralleling our own. We 
"just" tend to forget the copula, a female or male hand tying a knot 
making speaking, these wrytings, possible. Sexuality brings whatever else 
there is into the local; my body reflects my body, there's an uncanny 
surrounding, insistent on present presence, alterity, imminence, as if 
"here" and "there" jump-started one another in the boot-strap model of 
existence, powered by sex.

Sexual organs are situated, their effect that of diffusion, existence 
diffuses "as far as we're concerned," as far as "we're intended"; it's 
that hint of structure, which is somewhat other, messily other, that sur- 
faces as abstracted desire-in-language - all these names, desire, libido, 
frisson, arousal, id, what have you, and nothing's there, certainly not 
existence which seems to be driven by energy, impulse, force, unintended 
churning. Why we hardly know what we are. Or rather one might take struc- 
ture, as if it could separate from desire, existence, meta-psychology, 
meta-physics - one might take structure and make experiment of it. There 
are always artifacts, however ephemeral. You get practice out of it, 
communication, you can take it to the bank.

You get tangled up when thinking about the organs; it's better to keep 
things beneath the covers, much as existence is kept out of sight, out of 
our site to be sure. We always mistake the copula for copulation, the 
attribute for the thing, the thing for possible worlds, possible worlds 
for occurrences, occurrences for Being remote again from the organs; the 
true world is the mattering/nattering to and among us, and we have to mess 
with the symbolic in all sorts of ways - for example inscription, and then 
one form of erasing or another. Not to mention the magic slate, what's 
uncanny, what's strange, what estranges us.

There's nothing to say about emptiness but Nagarjuna says nothing anyway.





Face/t/ed


He can't get away from the face but doesn't realize it's not hollow, it's 
disappearance, defuge. If he would only turn around! But he doesn't, he 
thinks he's caught. Kira Sedlock and Foofwa d'Imobilite bring you the 
shuddering of a man beside himself within himself, caught by solids. 

It's untrue that, being caught, there's nothing catching one; the hard 
inertia of substance pins one to the ground. But inscription offers the 
last possibilities of play, the last chance to move, walk away from an 
anonymous other, not even a thing. Sheave-skin ephemera hardly survive; 
sustained by energy input from somewhere else ontologically at variance 
with their world, they're wayward, contrary. They don't face anything 
else, they never can. I thought of this man once, years ago, in the form 
of an iron sphere somewhere in space. I thought something went on inside. 

The first lesson I learned was absence. The second was the dream.



(When things go on limbs from scans of things moving slow.
(When things stand for limbs in communities of narrative.
(When things copulate things petrified they stand still.

(- as scans are attached to bodies, body parts - in other words nodes. A 
scan is already a compression begging for wandering as a means towards 
diegesis. And so many figures within it!: Foofwa d'Imobilite, Azure 
Carter, David Bello, Kira Sedlock and myself - all find their way into 
wrapping, merging, hole-filling, shelling, smoothing, fine-tuning - all 
for a ragged presence run amuck, wayward, back again with the doubling of 
d'Imobilite, Sedlock, Carter and Bello. By the way, these productions use 
behavioral filtering - sin to tan for the most part - skittering scans and 
the memory of things off to infinity and back again, what happens between 
or among frames. (If you've watched any of the recent work, this culmin- 
ates the use of .obj files as cloth/ing narrative punctum. If you haven't, 
this and this might be the ones to watch. If you have you will see how 
these have moved from the other recent movies. Then you can see how 
narrative comes from objects close to dreams or deity generation, Tibetan 
stem, and nowhere to go but outward through the real.)) 


Birthing Homedance, Cross My Heart


Here is the plain description:
*Birthing: male with part-objects of female/birthing attached in anomalous 
Freudo-Lacanian space. The shudder, chiaroscuro. With sound. Continuous 
birthing with the weight of ruins of things.
*Homedance: male in silent homespace in two parts, first sine, second 
tangent. Movement of home is the heart of the male. The home is detached, 
Here is a moral: Home, habitus, is an illusion; everything is on the verge 
or lip of decathecting. And movement as well is an illusion occasioned by 
the hip rooted in camera-vision. 
*Crossmyheart: Female with the weight of shattered truth, an illusory 
enclosure which topologically transforms according to space and behavior.
Here is the theoretical move:
That of narrative moments which "breathe" without development, mise en 
scene or landscape of portents, portals, disturbed behavioral filters 
seduced by part-objects and the uncanny.



Creed

I refuse
work canon
absolutely or
uniquely, genre
refuse medium.
canon I
or am
genre I
medium. absolutely
am 
I
fortunate be
enough able
to to
be create
able independently
create discipline,
independently moving
of fortunate
discipline, enough
moving 
to
across a
a variety
variety of
tools for
for philosophical,
philosophical, phenomenological,
phenomenological, and
and 
across
psychoanalytical am
investigation. well
well may
aware be
may myself
deluding investigation.
myself 
I
in other
everything hand
do, not
on bound
the by
other convention
hand or
I'm in
not everything
bound I
by do,
convention on
restricted of
possibilities advancement;
academic are
advancement; none
there for
are me
none restricted
me 
possibilities
never it
will is
be. a
If wall
my of
back my
is own
against and
wall, will
it be.
wall back
own 
the
making. reduce
reduce text,
things installation,
text, video,
installation, stillborn
audio, making.
video, If
stillborn 
I
image, result
this of
result not
channeled of
output, restricted
accretion this
In in
sense space
pure is
space the
most presencing
catatonic -
hypnagogic which
presencing I
- have
from to
which repeatedly
have catatonic
repeatedly 
hypnagogic
draw in
back, fact
ask the
if has
fact to
unbounded draw
has back,
led ask
misrecognition, 
if
trope If
that I
pervades can't
false find
worlds myself,
true. I
can't that
find pervades
myself, false
lost of
vicinity spacings
true timings,
world, its
its lost
spacings or
timings, the
memorial Outside
registerings. of
Outside ambition
ambition desire
desire legitimacy,
legitimacy, memorial
no me,
outside, these
contaminates of
me, imminent
these and
movings there
imminent no
immanent my
might sleep
give decries
solace, any
but such
sleep So
decries I
any immanent
such might
solution. give
So solace,
with continue
certain long
hunger, as
hoping I
continue without
as work
long with
can hunger,
without 
hoping
regard am
needs, aware
more be
than regard
nothing needs,
attained 
at 
end.

(Key: lost.)


another world

something burnishes and cuts through the iron world. something rusts. 
something grapples with something else. serrated edges grasp something. 
something topples and falls with a sound. something skitters to a stop. 
something plummets to the ground. something slips out from something. 
something stops something moving. something rises. something breaks 
something else. something shudders to a halt. something grinds to a halt. 
something wobbles. something is held in place. something crumbles. 
something cracks. something fissures. something rolls against something. 
something is turned over. something turns around. something stops moving. 
something grapples with something. something crawls up. something sinks. 
something dries out. something is carried somewhere. something glistens. 
something is wet. something bakes in the heat. something freezes in the 
cold.

something burnishes and cuts through the iron world. rusts. grapples with 
else. serrated edges grasp something. topples falls a sound. skitters to 
stop. plummets ground. slips out from stops moving. rises. breaks shudders 
halt. grinds wobbles. is held in place. crumbles. cracks. fissures. rolls 
against turned over. turns around. crawls up. sinks. dries out. carried 
somewhere. glistens. wet. bakes heat. freezes cold.




I'll try to keep this short - text for NSF workshop on Codework

i.

I want to generalize writing and coding as _inscription,_ and emphasize
that the world as we know it is already inscribed, encoded and decoded.
The lifeworld isn't analogic and/or mute; it's discrete and presencing.
It's discrete because we deal with symbols in order to communicate; we're
sending signs or tokens back and forth, very rarely the physical objects
of our desire.

One way of thinking about this is in terms of _filtering._ The usual model
of information, transmitter through receiver (with stuff of all sorts in
the middle channel) implies that there is a form of coherency and, if not
comprehension, at least "mutual orientation of cognitive domains," between
sender and receiver. I'd argue that this orientation occurs through
filtering which is always present, fuzzy, and possessing a political
economy of its own (think of Pribram's "retinal knowledge" for example,
the neural processing that occurs in the retina before signals are sent
from the eye to the brain).

Filtering isn't active or passive, inscribed or inscribing, and informa-
tion itself is non-existent, nothing, a form of particulate matter with an
ontology derived from organisms and apparatus.

Once we start (or end) here, "creative" writing splits; on one hand it
becomes _wryting_ - that's spelled with a "y" -a state of material
transformation, transmission, and reception; and on the other, it becomes
malleable, a spew interpreted as symbols. Here is the moment of creative
freedom which also splits - on one hand into or through unbounded, rule-
less 'creative' writing, drawn from an organism's interior - and on the
other, a fuzzy collocation of coding, languages, kludges, protocols, drawn
equally from interior impulse and external restraints (economic, etc.) or
goals that may be transformed in the process of inscription.

(I want to note that in the work I'm doing here at the Virtual Environ-
ments Laboratory, I've been exploring visual configurations or inscrip-
tions, configurations in which spaces, avatars, and objects interact in
uncanny ways, simultaneously malleable and protocol-driven:

Working within the visual and time-based register, static and dynamic
processes blur into one another. We can temporally code a tableau, moving
performers during slow-scan in much the same manner as characters appear-
ing at both ends of a panoramic photograph. We can also move them in terms
of depth, and we can create an interactive diorama in which the viewer
enters and meanders, reconstructing the original sequence of events. We
can also combine a tableau with encoded and restructured motion-capture
behaviors, using avatars or mannequins circulating among the diorama
elements, as "tourists" among ruins - in this manner there are several
interlocking layers of interpretation, the viewer in the midst of them.

With the aid of 3-dimensional laser scanning, we can present abject ele-
ments as if they were interior projections of the "tourists" themselves,
and it's not far from this that the potential for a 4-dimensional reading
or interpreting (seeing, witnessing) of 3-dimensional object _interiors_
occurs. The result is a 5-dimensional manifold as cultural object,
cultural abject. The possibilities for exploration are enormous here, a
kind of pure escapism of dialog, narrative, arousal, creation and
annihilation, in which ultimately nothing happens, no one gets hurt.

So this leads to another direction I'll just mention briefly - thinking of
creative writing as a kind of inscribing in any medium at all. We can then
talk about creative inscription, creative coding, whatever, emphasizing a
"new media" approach to all of this, rather than thinking of electronic
literature, e-literature, interactive writing, etc.)

To misquote the physicist David Finkelstein, one might consider program-
ming as fucking with/in a universe of abstracted ontologies, and creative
writing as masturbation-fantasy, moving just about anywhere, anywhen. Both,
however, have inscription and filtering in common and neither presents or is
pure 'presence' within the world. On the other hands, both meander among
rules, although with differing obeisance, and both have, at their core, a
freedom that is as absolute as anything gets.

How can this be useful pedagogically? In terms of creative writing, the
answer is, I believe, to think of texts as both intentional, cohering, and
as material objects which are always already filtered; this leads to
thinking about filtering and different forms of filtering as creative
writing practice. In terms of programming, not being a programmer (but
working with programmers), I'm not sure; I'd argue that, for an outsider,
filtering appears at the interstices or liminal spaces between program and
framework (inputs, outputs, interfaces, hardware (in the traditional
sense, and in the sense of information-laden substance), and so forth).
And I'd want to look at the phenomenological horizons of programming, not
only through this filtering, but also within programs and programming in
general: Where is the programmer in the midst of her subroutine? And where
is the freedom then/there?

I do want to note one final thing here - that I'm placing too much empha-
sis on specificity, the discrete. One of the directions I've been explor-
ing at the VEL is to consider the _abject,_ which remains indeterminate
and close th analogic substance - something "gooey," not "GUI," for
example. It's here that we humans can explore the world which refuses
discrete curtailment, which abjures communication.

ii.

Some parallels between poetry and code:

1. Both treat language as a material with "additional," even surplus,
structure in relation to presumably normative prose. In other words,
poetry works with tropes such as rhyme, rhythm, "resonance," metaphor,
metonymy, etc. - all the devices of rhetoric that appear linguistic
"material" - acoustic or page/screen/etc. - on a meta- or abject- level,
just as codework works with protocols, elements extraneous to the surface
meaning, but inextricably entangled with it.
2. Both are "writerly" texts in the sense that, in order to read them,
additional work (meta, interiority) is required that's not required of
standard prose.
3. One might say that standard prose possesses subtexts in the sense of
"underlying meanings" that encompass paragraphs, chapters, entire works -
while the subtexts of codework and poetry are also on the level of letters,
words, sentences, and so forth. I remember the Mirror of Composition saying
that "A poem is a sentence with flavour." (rasa). That applies.
4. On a practical level, the communities of practitioners intersect -
Vincent Cerf has poetry in the RFC, there are Perl poems, and there are
poets who work through concepts of programming, such as Catherine Daly.




jump to the point

Sheave skin / carapace like leather illustrating theoretical talk. I'm 
sick of the human form. It jumps from one reading to another; it recep- 
tion is too automated, too buried. It's far too familiar, too vulnerable 
to defuge, over-cathecting, decathecting, arousal, hormonal secretions, 
reflex archaeology of fear, flight, violence, love, imprinting, fetishiz- 
ation. It's brutal; it catalyzes behavioral repertoires - states jump 
catastrophically from one to another. It's as if there's no abjection or 
no abjection worth talking about (you can't talk about abjection). I'm 
sick of abjection, sick of steamy sleazy squeamed-space; its liminality 
depends on the body and what's taken for its (sickening) normative form. 
Bend it, twist it, otherwise transform it - the elements always assert 
themselves, our eyes betray us into false familiarity. So here goes again 
another variation just as almost every story is variation on bodies 
through time, bodies squawking, squealing, mewling, talking, yakking, 
yacking, yapping, humming, singing, whatever bodies do, I guess cry, 
weeping, laughing. There's only somewhat bodies do; there's only somewhat 
subjects see.

I'm sick of the discourse of bodies, fluids, war, violence, arousal, sex, 
secretion, membrane, excretion, effluvia, defuge, liquidity, the damp and 
scent, the odor and smell, wound, carapace, tissue, flesh, scar, pain; 
what more could possibly be said, recast, transformed, transfused, in- 
fused, written and rewritten, wrytten - in fact or fancy, inscription or 
symbol, mark or token, analog or digital, subject or object, fissure or 
sinter, sign or image, imaginary or imaginary? It goes on and on, struc- 
ture and substructure, text and subtext, mathesis and semiosis, substance 
and process, state and operator. It never breaks out; it can't break out, 
it's all their is, even inscription goes on within it, emptiness goes on 
within it, tantra goes on within and without it, analogic and metonymic, 
metaphoric and contrary: discrete and the wound of nothingness.

So again it's trying to talk, trying to assemble, to dissemble, trying to 
_seem,_ trying to walk-talk in airless space, in dimension-five space, in 
slice-of-death. It's trying to tell us something, we're too bored to care, 
too inundated to listen, too lost for comfort: we're the dis of dis/ease, 
dis/comfort, dis/semble, dis/crete. Bodies churn, worlds are minimal, true 
world is all there is, is there. 


Stretched faces, I'm sick of stretching, I can't face them, you see the 
faceless, you'll make something out of it, you'll make something with it, 
you'll make something of it. I'm done with it, it's done with me, it's the 
same old story that's the same old story, it's the other, there's none 
other, there's nothing accountable, it's unaccounted-for, unaccountable, 
uncountable, it's abject, I'm gone, I'm out of here, I'm lost in it, I'm 
lost in you, I'm lost in them, I'm outside looking in, I'm inside looking 
out.

(It's not Araki, Bellmer, Bataille, Spears, Hilton, twitch, shudder,
shutter, glimpse, diary, sickness, phallus, objet, ding, plastic, mobile,
film, tableau, dream, real, virtual, uncanny, fantasy, phantasy, inert,
obdurate, video, video-telephone, suture, surgery, mandala, mantra, life,
artificial, death, continuous, discrete, presence, absence, Being, beings,
nothingness, creation, annihilation. It's secret manic joy, shortcut
phenomenology, spinoff organism, crash-land Tokyo, hummock and plasma
ecology. It's high-speed try before I die, everything I didn't dream of,
deliverance from thought, one last chance, electrostatic kinography. It's
this misplaced paragraph, worlding as-if parenthetical enclosure con-
structs the good-old-fashioned-real, Beau-Brummel-Roseland-Cafe-Wha-Anti-
Club, Minutemen solo at the door. It's dead countries. It's dead.)




Analogy


"The most important analogy of all is that of affiliation: the candidate 
should affiliate his body, speech, and mind with the Body, Speech, and 
Mind of the Buddha, called the three mysteries. According to Mkhas grub 
rje, it is this affiliation which establishes the superiority of the 
Diamond Vehicle (the Tantras) over non-tantric Buddhism. One affiliates 
his body by gesture (mudra), his speech by incantation (mantra) and his 
mind by deep concentration (samadhi). Mkhas grub rje's Fundamentals... 
states, 'In the Kriya and Carya (Tantras) one intensely contemplates the 
body as Great Seal (mahamudra), speech as Incantation (mantra), and mind 
as Reality (tattva). This is the 'Quick Path' because all avenues of the 
being are operating for a common goal: the body, speech, and mind are not 
working at cross purposes.

In such a case, we might say of body, speech, and mind, what Arya-Sura 
wrote in his Jataka-mala in description of King Sihi (but in his case 
meaning the three types, kama, artha, and dharma). [...]

'In him all forms having multitudes of virtues consistent with the three 
types appeared with common residence as though from merger of rivalries, 
and they had no loss of brilliance due to opposition and commotion.'

In Hinduism it is believed that these three types when in harmony yield 
the fourth one, liberation (maksa)."

(Alex Wayman, Yoga of the Guhyasamajatantra, The Arcane Lore of Forty 
Verses, A Buddhist Tantra Commentary, Motilal Banardsidass, 1990.)

(perhaps unlike software/programming) in my work, there are no errors, 
only creative commotion on the lip, edge, or brink; there are repertoire 
extensions to be sure; analogy dissolves; commotion is brilliance; what 
dissolves is nothing whatsoever; what's left is nothing whatsoever; in the 
airless realm; in the unintended or intentionless realm; in the true world 
and the breaking of intention and the intended; in annihilation already 
foregone or future anterior; in the blank of the afterthought of the alpha 
channel; in mind noh-mind no-mind; in mindless speechless air; in no-body.

(i am full of myself; full of air; i suffocate; therefore i am air.)




Valeska Gert


inside bodies rooted at the hip 
slightest movement, shudder, shiver
body-stutter, warmed probed flesh
slightest movement from inside
maybe shudder or shiver from inside
maybe warmed probed flesh f&m }


Was nicht geht, das geht nicht mehr,
mir ist so sonderbar zumut.
Wenn das wirklich alles war,
dann ist das Leben nicht sehr gut.
Seht, mein Fleisch verfaulet schon,
viel zu vieler Liebe Lohn.
Fruh du Ende ist der Spass,
fruh sind wir der Wurmer Frass. 
 
 (Ich bin eine Hexe, Kaleidoskop meines Lebens)

What does not work, that's no longer
I am curious as reasonable.
If this really was everything,
Then life is not very good.
You see, my meat verfaulet know,
Far too many love wage.
Breakfast is you end the fun,
We are the early worms Frass.

We are the early worms' muck, swill, food.
An early end is a joke.
See, my flesh already decays
It's so strange to me, moody 
For too many love's a wage

+++

Salutations from the Mumien cellar

Dann raffe ich die giftgrune Schleppe, schluchze ein paar Takte aus der 
Schonen Blauen Donau und verschwinde.

 (Ich bin eine Hexe, Kaleidoskop meines Lebens)
	
Then I understand the giftgrune train, schluchze a few bars of the Blue 
Danube and Scania disappear.

Then I grabbed the green poison bag, sobbed a few bars


a severe bout of depression


only one sensor moves and that is one inside the body
everything else is still as if a silent snow falls on the skin
'the' points to nothing and that is annihilation
i have a nail in my head
when i hit the nail in my head i have a nail in my head
when i hit the nail in my head i have a nail in my head
when i hit the nail in my head i have a nail in my head
when i hit the nail i have a nail
when i hit the nail i have a nail
i will be dead these several months what can happen
now at this very moment dizziness overwhelms me
snow falls inside the body and everything is still
only the sound of someone hammering in the distance


Buddha


'There is no jewel in this world so great as the Svadhisthana,
if purified by the Clear Light like a gem cleansed by fire.'

(trans. Waxman, 'Svadhisthana' - Illusory Body)

Buddha is virtual particle. Buddha crawls out from delete file rc.folders
file; Buddha disappears. Buddha tells me uncanny brilliance. Buddha watch
someone tries gathering Buddha pieces. From under delete file. Pieces of
someone gathering. Pieces of delete files. From someone trying to put
together. From someone broken. Who are that someone broken. Bachi and moktak
images pure substance. Of back hypnagogic mind. Of smashed history. Someone
broken memory. Marks where were vowels. Of what some vowels. Of what words.
What language. Bu ub bu ub bu ub. One side. Another. Of side gathering
illusion body. Of surface volume. Of open closed. Appearance of cymbal
sound. Of brain holding kindness stroke. Of mind fleeing brain. Of
brain-flight mind. Mind disappear. Samsara broken. Of the disappearance of
mind, the lotus. Of the disappearance of samsara, the lotus. Of the lotus,
broken memory. Bu ub bu ub bu ub. Of generation. Completion.


f / 0 / m ==> m / 0 / f

Looking up www.alansondheim.org first
Looking up www.alansondheim.org
Making HTTP connection to www.alansondheim.org
Sending HTTP request.
HTTP request sent; waiting for response.
HTTP/1.1 200 OK

lynx: Can't access startfile http://www.alansondheim.org/machinen.mp4
You can.
m / 0 / f with transplant emanent f / 0 / m
too many solitary figures
fantasy of masturbation accessing the imaginary
transplant emanent with body fragments replaced 
transplant emanent = sex-maschine = inaccessible
sex-machine = nothing

Vishuddi Magga vi:

And then, when any such bits of it as head hairs, body hairs, nails, 
teeth, spittle, snot, excrement or urine have dropped off the body, beings 
will not touch them; they are ashamed, humiliated, and disgusted. But as 
long as any one of these things remains in it, though it is just as 
repulsive, they take it as agreeable, desirable, permanent, pleasant, 
self, because they are wrapped in the murk of ignorance and dyed with 
affection and greed for self. (trans. Bhikkhu Nanamoli)

A proof of this is the fact that when any part of the body becomes 
detached, as, for instance, the hair of the head, hair of the body, nails, 
teeth, phlegm, snot, faeces, or urine, people are unwilling so much as to 
touch it, and are distressed at, and ashamed of, and loathe it. But in 
respect of what remains, though that is likewise repulsive, yet men are so 
wrapped in blindness and infatuated by a passionate fondness for their own 
selves, that they believe it to be something desirable, lovely, lasting, 
pleasant, and an Ego. (trans. Henry Clarke Warren)



First Session


- codework not programmed with a computer no longer turing machinemachine 
dissemination concept be might useful for talking about distributed 
computing and networkingnetworking universality. of embedded universality 
in the the- 2 types writing programming or already code existing using 
existingof is machine something you can buy machinic non-machinic take 
terms practices more coding nuanced could view what ought to ripping 
things out context / technology -- important practical reasons maintain 
info where And it finally, has whether essential limits not, entire Assume 
distinct Derrida, Grammatology, corrected ed. Every system constructs Kate 
Hales, as cultural practice Writing applied grammatology arguable 
mezangell addresses any sense real field covered by large-scale systems 
designed perform from have linkage. different motivation generative 
happening culturally well (mashup culture) inscription, we're quite there 
incorporating elements many other places legacy software machines we mez 
speaks heart mind codework? note 7 long attribution done coding? 
particularly poet enacts language admits range possible treatments prgrams 
restriction tool suddenly human culture starts acting ways cybernetic 
program will writing. come yet



Second Session


ars of cobetter metho
s of coe 
 for pro
e 
ucing software formal or empirical stan
ollar spent on maintenance first person coe written for the coe written 
for the co
e written for the coe is 
e is 

e is 

s of problem tackle 7 constrainerea
 7 constraine connecting 
able co
 connecting 
e 1 what kin
ar iff than 
 iff than esign 

iff than esign 
writing to software at the level of formal stan
esign 
ar
evaluation 2 kins of results recognizeevaluation 2 kin
s of results recognize as answers Accounting origin of 
s of results recognize
 as answers Accounting origin of 
 as answers Accounting origin of 

ence ifference moifference mo
ifference moel to explain a class of software phenomena 1 
el to explain a class of software phenomena 1 

el to explain a class of software phenomena 1 
evi
expressive almost impossible to intereste in functional purposful 
fielexpressive almost impossible to intereste
 in functional purposful fiels 
 in functional purposful fiel
s 
s 

 function - istinction between functional anistinction between 
functional an
istinction between functional an in her course 
 in her course 

 in her course 
expression an
art issolves into life - smart mobs cell phone images gooart 
issolves into life - smart mobs cell phone images goo is the viewer 
issolves into life - smart mobs cell phone images goo
 is the viewer 
 is the viewer 

manipulating the art or the art manipulating the evelop legally 
anmanipulating the art or the art manipulating the 
evelop legally an/or 
evelop legally an
/or 
/or 

 of evience, criteria for making explicit the 
ence, criteria for making explicit the 

ence, criteria for making explicit the 
aesthetically 3 stan
ermine it Hacking an science an art but between 

 science an art but between 
preju
 art but between 
ice then un
 questions we care about 65% of software to o this thing fin 

o this thing fin 
aca
 
emia an
creativity where not generally foun 3 took statistical mocreativity 
where not generally foun
 3 took statistical moel relating to 
 3 took statistical mo
el relating to 
el relating to 

practice software to o things better or sustain 1 practice software to 
o things better or sustain 1 igitize 2 malleable 3 
o things better or sustain 1 
igitize 2 malleable 3 
igitize 2 malleable 3 



Third Session


non-tza!d ur!tten ur!tten !n komputr ur!tten human programm!ng ur!tten 
!n4maz!on WHAT MEAN !n4maz!on !T MEAN WHAT UHEN MEAN !T MONGOL!A MEAN MEAN 
!n4maz!on narrat!ve through !n4maz!on pathz WHAT !n4maz!on through !T 2 
mult!ple framez + + 2 + framez unphramed from unphramed need!ng narrat!ve 
Kopyr!ght Proprt! Proprt! + ba-k Proprt! !ntelektul 2 Proprt! -- 2 Proprt! 
Kodework rezearkh !n2 - on !n2 !n2 sh!ft !n2 on from rezearkh from from on 
Komput!ng Aezdzet!k menz!oned -- Aezdzet!k Komput!ng need!ng Aezdzet!k -- 
ztandardz on -- kodework handheldz -- on handheldz part a part part 
Komput!ng pathz narrat!ve -- through narrat!ve narrat!ve non-tza!d man! 
Dynam!k 3. 2. 3. 3. Dynam!k tzynkhron!z!t! 3. prozezZez tranzmutab!l!t!. 
3. L!venezZ, 4. 3. 4. Obzkolezzensz, L!venezZ, deka!, 4. 4. degenraz!on 4. 
deka!, 5. Obzkolezzensz, 5. 5. deka!, + 5. 5. !ntelektul 5. + Proprt!
 up Programm!ng - = pr!zon-zpasz = - Programm!ng - - = !n - - human - !n 
ONL9nE T!me ov Dze Kodework ov T!me u9ndou ov Kodework !n2 ov u9ndou !n2 
Kayleyz prakt!zez 4 Kayleyz Kayleyz matr!al!t! Kayleyz 4 ov kal ov ov 4 - 
unphramed 2 Kayleyz unphramed - Kayleyz unphramed kal up - ur!tten KOMEZ 
MEAN KOMEZ ONL9nE UHEN Dze ONL9nE MONGOL!A T!me ONL9nE ONL9nE ov 
Tranzmutab!l!t! ekompazZez temporal!t! Tranzmutab!l!t! gra!n folow!ng 
Tranzmutab!l!t! Tranzmutab!l!t! 4 Tranzmutab!l!t! pre-kond!z!on dze ov but 
Shrr! on Evokat!ve Turkle Objektz Evokat!ve on zl!me Evokat!ve Objektz 
mazZ!ve akt kreat!ve data-tzetz akt mazZ!ve onl9ne akt menz!oned th= 
mazZ!ve Turkle onl9ne data-tzetz on onl9ne Shrr! Evokat!ve open kodework 
kab9net-uork ov folow!ng dze dze folow!ng ov dze dze uood kab9net-uork dze 
uood on dze on on uood h!gh-level on but programm!ng on a ekompazZez tekxt 
ekompazZez dze ekompazZez ekompazZez tekxt 1. tranzmutab!l!t!. from from 
handheldz from 2 - dezktop - - 2 tz!ngle handheldz - zkreenz - 2 handheldz 
on up handheldz kom!ng - handheldz - - kom!ng - kreat!ve akt ov handheldz, 
-- turn handheldz, 2 from handheldz, turn klozed handheldz, 4. zl!me moldz 
Objektz hou moldz zl!me do moldz hou ue moldz mult!ple + 2 + + turn open 
klozed klozed ztandardz klozed open -- 2 -- -- kodework kom!ng programmr 
programmr ur!tten l!ke programmr programmr programz but uzed b! !n4maz!on 
Aezdzet!k th= menz!oned Aezdzet!k !n4maz!on moldz Evokat!ve programm!ng az 
programm!ng non-tza!d uel konta!nz uel uel programmr not but uzed but not 
b! ur!tten but but b! but ur!tten tekxt ov ov dzat ov Ztandard!zaz!on 
Tranzmutab!l!t! temporal!t! pre-kond!z!on ekompazZez dzat programmr l!ke 
folow!ng programm!ng folow!ng folow!ng l!ke klozed klozed tekxt 
programm!ng ur!tten programm!ng konta!nz tekxt non-tza!d h!gh-level ov 
part programm!ng kreat!ve part ov akt part pre-kond!z!on Dynam!k 
tranzmutab!l!t!. tranzmutab!l!t!. prozezZez programm!ng Ztandard!zaz!on 
tranzmutab!l!t!. tranzmutab!l!t!. tz!ngle zkreenz - 2 model do ov ue model 
th= model ov th= al !n4maz!on th= ov unphramed framez uel uel programz uel 
man! uzed - uzed uzed man! progr= uzed onl9ne onl9ne zkreenz phrom 
mult!ple zkreenz zkreenz zkreenz zkreenz ue model hou al


Fourth Session


 basis What actions. do we do know What know know do the know know 
practice know the of about of of the writing? of practice Looking of 
creative Looking of Looking up creative "Creative Looking Looking writing 
Looking "Creative practice" up practice" practice" "Creative Google 
practice" practice" Creative practice" Google and on and and Google 
necessarily and Creative shape and coding shape and shape one coding 
another. shape shape Playfulness, shape another. trying one trying trying 
another. things trying trying to trying things see lots see see things 
works see to in see what programming see in programming what - programming 
in all programming - which programming which which - purpose which all 
etc. which have within have within within purpose playfulness. within etc. 
elegance within playfulness. economy within elegance economy playfulness. 
whatever economy elegance you economy whatever ask economy ask ask 
whatever has ask you consequence. ask reader Began reader consequence. 
Began has collaborate Began consequence. other Began collaborate people. 
Began other people. collaborate BUT people. other THERE people. BUT CAN 
people. CAN BE BUT JOYFUL BE THERE SURPRISE! CAN BE The BE SURPRISE! The 
JOYFUL Aesthetics The SURPRISE! Question The Aesthetics aesthetic The 
Question aesthetic Aesthetics dimension aesthetic Question codework 
aesthetic dimension two aesthetic two attitudes dimension towards 
attitudes codework status attitudes attitudes code attitudes status code 
towards 1 code status like code 1 Pollock code like Pollock 1 2 Pollock 
like Cabaret Pollock Pollock Voltaire Pollock Voltaire (Hugo 2 Ball) (Hugo 
Cabaret Thinking (Hugo (Hugo videogames (Hugo Thinking videogames Ball) 
flash videogames Thinking Dada videogames flash political videogames Dada 
political flash avant-garde political mobs (anti political political art 
political (anti not avant-garde not not (anti interested not not form not 
interested perfecting so perfecting perfecting interested turning form 
perfecting into perfecting turning into perfecting life-practice, into but 
Fluxus, into into Situationist into Fluxus, formalist life-practice, 
formalist formalist Fluxus, Clement formalist formalist Greenberg 
formalist Clement isolating via isolating isolating Clement qualities 
isolating Greenberg Dominant isolating qualities Dominant isolating 
rhetoric Dominant defining digital Dominant Dominant media Dominant 
digital today rhetoric today today digital be today today formalist? today 
be also tend also also be essentialism also formalist? Lev also kind Lev 
also Manovich Lev kind Janet Lev Lev Murray Lev Janet finding Manovich 
finding finding Janet transcoding, finding finding procedural finding 
transcoding, that essence that that transcoding, essential. that 
procedural Popular that is Popular that Popular modernism is approach 
Popular Popular easily Popular approach becomes modernism becomes becomes 
approach Pieces becomes becomes truly becomes Pieces interactive 
prescriptive interactive interactive Pieces position) interactive truly 
Re: interactive (this Re: interactive Re: thinking (this communities 
thinking Re: key thinking communities here thinking here here communities 
contains here here its here contains own project own own contains 
motivationSoftware own its used own motivationSoftware include own used 
include motivationSoftware computer include used services include computer 
Turing include Turing Turing computer Laplace Turing services determinism 
Turing re: possible re: possible possible Laplace w/ possible determinism 
data possible w/ relative possible data relative w/ conf relative data 
programs relative conf will relative will run conf as will programs wish 
will run them run wish them as to. them wish itself. them to. her them 
itself. her to. new her itself. book her new On her On Programmability new 
emergence Programmability book software On Programmability through 
Programmability software through emergence 1943-1983 through software 
analysis through 1943-1983 cell through analysis cell 1943-1983 volume 
cell analysis a cell cell larger cell larger work volume times work a -- 
work work Logos work -- Logos times Sourcecode Logos -- word Logos 
Sourcecode result, Logos word result, Sourcecode logos result, word action 
result, result, Djikstra's result, action GOTO logos GOTO GOTO action 
GOTOs GOTO GOTO make GOTO GOTOs make statements difficult make GOTOs 
process make difficult moves difficult process moves difficult from moves 
product working moves moves program. moves working difference from 
difference difference working space difference difference time difference 
space apparent. between apparent. apparent. space can time apparent. after 
apparent. can after apparent. fact after sourcecode re-source after after 
source-code after re-source written fact written written re-source 
designed written written conflate written designed past present past past 
designed source past conflate sorcery past source sorcery past making 
sorcery future. our sorcery sorcery actions sorcery our memory making 
memory memory our fetish memory memory 2. memory fetish In storage In In 
fetish was In 2. word. In beginning word. In von word. beginning Neumann 
word. word. using word. Neumann idealized von idealized idealized Neumann 
ref idealized idealized McCulloch idealized ref Pitt neurons Pitt Pitt ref 
result Pitt McCulloch Memory Pitt axiomatic Memory Pitt Memory 
programmability axiomatic natural, Memory Memory constantly Memory 
natural, created. programmability created. created. natural, serial 
created. created. delay created. serial line Talk line line serial tube). 
line delay DEGENERATION line (mercury IN line DEGENERATION IN (mercury 
DIGITAL IN DEGENERATION MEDIA? IN DIGITAL PERFORMATIVITY? IN 
PERFORMATIVITY? PERFORMATIVITY? DIGITAL necessary PERFORMATIVITY? MEDIA? 
if PERFORMATIVITY? degeneration didn't degeneration didn't didn't 
necessary decay didn't if would didn't decay able didn't would able decay 
now. able would As able now. gets able gets gets now. cheaper, gets As get 
gets larger, worse. larger, get worse. cheaper, It's worse. get inevitable 
worse. It's appropriate. worse. inevitable appropriate. It's console 
appropriate. inevitable us appropriate. console important appropriate. 
important parts console each important us generation important parts 
copied parts generation copied each expressed. copied generation agrees 
copied expressed. Jim copied agrees Jim expressed. A Jim agrees program 
Jim A execution Jim execution partially A represented partially program 
many partially partially ways. partially many ways. represented machines 
ways. many around ways. machines David ways. around David machines Mendel 
David around Between David David Machine David Machine brilliant Mendel 
history brilliant Between cybernetics brilliant brilliant characteristics 
brilliant cybernetics characteristics history tried characteristics 
cybernetics sci. characteristics tried research characteristics sci. 
research tried study research characterize phenomena research research 
surrounding research phenomena computers. study computers. computers. 
phenomena list computers. computers. comp computers. list sci identified 
sci sci list 1. comp sci involves sci 1. involves sci symbols involves 
research: manipulation involves involves creation involves manipulation 
abstractions. symbols abstractions. abstractions. manipulation stufy 
abstractions. abstractions. algorithms abstractions. stufy dynamic 3. 
dynamic dynamic stufy medium algorithms dynamic 4. dynamic medium 4. 
dynamic create 4. character artificial 4. 4. constructs 4. artificial are 
create are are artificial by are are physical are by laws. unlimited laws. 
laws. by exploit laws. physical address laws. 5. address laws. exponential 
address 5. growth. address address 6. address growth. seek exponential 
seek seek growth. limits seek seek computed. seek limits 7. fundamental 7. 
7. limits for 7. computed. complex 7. look complex 7. complex analytic 
look rational complex complex associated complex rational human analytic 
human human rational attempt human human basis human attempt actions. 
intelligence actions. actions. attempt actions. basis actions.  actions.


Fifth and Sixth Final Session


useful. to Fundamental useful. digital Fundamental principle digital to
principle the digital excess, binary - the squeeze excess, margins
squeeze of the The of binary The an binary is an pushes is abstraction
pushes at to same margins it's reach. source same digital's of power
digital's reach. power offers and Code offers a to programmer. a and
programmer. Computational is FRAGILITY the GOOD Computational OF GOOD
THINGS? OF piece THINGS? in of one pieces don't is Framework don't has
to allow Framework pieces has small completely code of Smash code app,
Smash Our the nurture Our completely Our us. code implementation
completely morphic. us. supposed morphic. generate supposed affect.
generate never affect. line never write things I line borrow. code
practice I types borrow. things practice do types programmers do as
programmers programs. write programs programs. Ways programs Two Ways
mean related they mean do: Two / they could do: related / creative could
writing does refactoring: writing where refactoring: program where does
program works, do want, works, what want, going what go want, up go
code, and it up make it more do efficiently, more Not efficiently,
separate Not debugging, separate important debugging, cognition.
important clarifying of compression: cognition. compression. do not
compression. its doesn't for its actually for own actually work own
smaller work doesn't program say smaller business doesn't applications.
say purely for purposes purely golf, purposes problem - fewest golf,
function. of Alternatives Not "creative" function. or to imaginative the
poetic / aesthetic for semantics for well the function important -- code
Imaginative, co-developing aesthetic, writing co-developing writing
looks does like at time developing Obfuscated - developing Code
generators - rewrite program. Williams' generators program. rewrite that
Williams' only deeper certain only amount certain focused amount can
focused delusion can deeper delusion arrange of intro arrange Kittler's
deeper Intellectual intro editor Intellectual we editor with we new that
would new etc. - sermons of what's the review what's easy not mechanise
easy how I archiving with attribution archiving content, not but
attribution form of form, or content problem think form, colophon
content crucial colophon be - good be see good underneath what archive
underneath acid-free how antique acid-free platforms - each platforms
try work convert try standard-compliant and format work works
standard-compliant Agrippa, Die, DREADMill works When Agrippa, Will
DREADMill Die, When Room REAL-TIME tracking - LIKE tracking dance LIKE
REAL-TIME dance critic LIKE automated to recognition automated then of
on recognition critiquing work = - transclusion or Exegesis = getting
transclusion out Exegesis putting - into the critics) - Reveal of when
critics) rip Reveal Machine rip scab Machine suturing and Zizek the
ghost run machine the run - itself, be by itself, device by blind device
off blind trust device unconscious off filter unconscious Pharmacy be
Plato's Pharmacy so creative geniality so professionalization that
become geniality fossilized has discipline, in aversion writing
anti-intellectualism. aversion theory, anti-intellectualism. no theory,
filtering of term filtering enable creative process enable possibilities
codex from -- treetrunk - codex treetrunk occultation capability
subjectless -- capability writing Keatsian fluttering w/ Keatsian love -
flittering up fluttering love kind - flickering of unpredictable
flickering arhythmia cardiac intervals arhythmia cardiac on movie and
wave movie mother/daughter on incest mother/daughter inventio in reality
writing possible inventio flight War absence with of, and death of,
father. of, War father. Cold significant nuclear Cold stuff nuclear
unfinished and significant of codework significant Walt codework Whitman
Walt Sondheim's Whitman engulfing Sondheim's stunned, in mode. stunned,
I'm and doing - thing doing romanticizing codework patriarch and
dangerous - Mythic be


                                         rch standard-compliant Agrippa,
                                         . Computational is FRAGILITY
                                         ated to recognition then
                                          Zizek function. Alternatives
                                         ng THINGS? piece in one pieces
                                          pushes abstraction
                                         actoring: whereeatsian w/runnto



l'hommage


Homage to Talan Memmott's summary presentation at the recent NSF Codework 
Workshop with a light-hearted romp of somewhat silly maneuvers - not his 
presentation a light-hearted romp, but the homage to the presentation 
which was as well summary of the workshop and brilliant performance. I had 
to do this, keep working, keep my hand in up to the elbows shouldering the 
pain in the neck bringing code to its knees. What silliness. Now I have to 
do something else. Now I must do something else. Now I need to do it. Now 
I want to do it.

I want to do something else. I am tired of the human body. Mine like yours 
is dying. I didn't ask for it to be here. I didn't ask for I, I didn't ask 
for anything. If my body were online it would be airless, you could make 
it float, you could look inside me, I could fly, you could tell me when 
and where to fly, you could make me speak, you could make me say anything 
you want, you could make me naked, you could make me sex anything you want 
or crawl anything you want, you could make me jump.

You could dress me in a nice suit of clothes, you could make me Valeska 
G., you could make me whore-stumble, clown-dance, traffic-cope, you could 
make me disappear, every time you come back, I am resurrect. You could 
make me you, you could give me life, spirit, texture, coordinate, home, 
supplement, hair, eye, breast, waist, foot, arm, head, lip. 

Could you threaten me, you could not threaten me, you could disappear, I 
could disappear, I could change, run, walk, fly, you could do nothing, I 
could do everything, you could make me dirty dirty, you could not make me 
dirty, you could not make anything dirty dirty, not me, I'm tired of this, 
I'm in nice darkspace, bad darkspace, anyspace, anysign, I'm not tired of 
anything, defuge is a sickness, you are defuge, nauseous, dismal, dank, 
sewage. 

O look at me move, look at you move, look at moves, look at nothing, look 
at sheave-skin, look at hole, look corrode, look decay, Oh look! All falls 
apart, nothing coordinates, has coordinates, axis, scale, affinage, twis- 
tage, unlinkage, mucilage, walkage, moveage, loginage. Oh look I am so me 
so very naughty! Oh look I'm naked!

weevily abhorrent yucky airsick anguished airsick anxious abhorrent 
anxious anxious airsick barfy anxious anxious bored anxious barfy brackish 
bad brackish brackish barfy cheerless brackish bored cloying brackish 
carsick cloying brackish cloying depressed carsick disgusted cloying 
cloying disgusting cloying disgusted emetic depressed emetic emetic 
disgusted foul emetic emetic fulsome emetic foul grim fetid grim grim foul 
icky grim fulsome joyless grim high joyless grim joyless loathsome high 
maggoty joyless joyless mawkish joyless maggoty nasty loathsome nasty 
nasty maggoty nauseated nasty nasty nauseating nasty nauseated noisome 
nauseant noisome noisome nauseated offensive noisome nauseating overripe 
noisome noxious pleasureless noisome overripe pleasureless noxious 
poisonous pleasureless overripe prey pleasureless poisonous to 
pleasureless to to poisonous pukish to prey puky to malaise qualmish 
malaise qualmish qualmish pukish qualmy qualmish puky rancid qualmish 
qualmy rank qualmish rancid rank qualmy rebarbative rank rancid repelled 
rank rebarbative repellent rank repellent repellent rebarbative repulsive 
repellent repelled revolted repellent repugnant revolting repugnant 
revolted revolting repulsive rotten revolting revolted seasick revolting 
rotten sickened revolting seasick sickened rotten sickening sickened 
seasick spoiled sickened sickening squeamish sickened squeamish stinking 
sickening suffering stinking spoiled angst squeamish stinking uneasy 
stinking angst uneasy suffering unfulfilled uneasy angst unhappy uneasy 
unfulfilled unpleasant uneasy unhappy unpleasant unfulfilled unquiet 
unpleasant unhappy unsatisfied unpleasant unquiet vile unpleasant vile 
vomity unquiet weevily vomity unsatisfied yucky vomity vomity vomity yucky 
weevily yucky


here is the field of mice

and here is the field of tall hickory

here is the pleasant murmuring stream

and here are the wages of death

yea, though i say death i see death

though i see death i shall not see death

death is a woman stalking me

in a dark robe invisible sickle
death is a woman stalking me

here is the field of barley

and here is the meadow of forest voles

here i shall not sleep again tonight

and here i shall foment useless cries and war

war with dark sickle and invisible robe
war is a man with chemical burns

here with death i shall lie in the field of voles
here with war i shall die in the hickory forest

here is a field of barley and corn

and here is a field of cedar forest


Phenomenology of mannequin-avatar construction


From mannequin avatar discovered in the back of the immersive 3d desk room 
through scanning programs, as in second life, so in first, as in the bar- 
rier or injunction against the milk of the mother in this dry and airless 
realm, once entering the computer for resonant transform back through fil- 
tering into perception and thereby repressed spread across yet more and 
other injunctions of the other - from skin through plaster-plasticine, 
from ligament through metal pinning, skein thrusts forth across impotent 
transformations yet a boy can dream can't he. 

These are stillborn, static formations of .obj files, in other words ob- 
jects, for insertion into true world video/performance. In other words, an 
epistemo-ontological rebus, perhaps condensation/displacement of previous 
work, displaced into/outto mannequin towards maquette, maquette towards 
model towards inscription lifted from the magic writing slate. 

Enter the sleazy, tawdry - enter defuge as annihilated punctum; doesn't 
the same thing happen to every boy and girl in second life? All those 
exaggerated breasts, penises, lips, toppling airless bodies with physics 
configured in a distant memory of a newborn and innocent physical world, 
taking us taking it for granted. What's revealed beneath the surface is 
the phal-lick; what's revealed beneath the phal-lick is the surface 
emptied of content, inscribed, exhausted. There's nothing there there. 
Either the surface is closed/clothed or it's emptied, sheave-skin, already
torn, fallen apart, sleazy (as if the night revealed real members of 
itself, real w/wholes).

The mannequin cracks. Topologically, an organism is a coherent (linked) 
multiply-pierced torus defined everywhere; topologically, a mannequin is 
an un-linkable fissured structure which may or may not be hollow - i.e. a 
set of manifold sections and spheres. Neither has well-defined nodes; the 
body has no well-defined parent-child relationships; the manifold has 
well-defined parts and linking mechanisms. Tissues, organs, organelles, 
etc. of the body are often porous, self-defining, resilient, multiply- 
connected through nerves, ligaments, musculature, blood and other vessels, 
transport mechanisms of all sorts, repair and defense mechanisms, etc. 
These mechanisms are not mechanical; they depend on a local electro-chemi- 
cal environment; they are processes requiring constant maintenance. The 
mannequin is passive, a well-defined collection of well-defined states. 

Oh what's the difference, I'm here, they're there, or vice versa, all 
these false identification existing only as long as the brain functions, 
mind 'works,' however defined, and this isn't well-.

Video materials, once one has a shield, everything falls into place. But 
how can one use a shield against the immense vitality of the Universe! 
Space and time beyond all comprehension! Unfathomable measurement! We're 
just here for a second of eternity! No wait, a nanosecond of eternity! 
Wait, we're just a page between life and death! A spot on the sunglasses 
of God! A furrow of the imaginary! No wait!

The thing about Valeska Gert, obdurate substance, there's flicking of the 
symbolic, nothing concrete, she's too smart, too fluid, for that. She's 
either an impersonator (mind you, of the highest order) or a philosopher! 
That's my role of thinking. Deities flicker on the lip-nub of death. 

The worldling praxis of aim having been formed in the heart, he the Tatha- 
gata, creating a conventional body, practices desires exactly as he cares. 
(from 40 verses in Yoga of the Guhyasamajatantra, translated Waxman)

If philosophy is to remain true to the law of its own form, as the repre- 
sentation of truth and not as a guide to the acquisition of knowledge, 
then the exercise of this form - rather than its anticipation in the 
system - must be accorded due importance. (Walter Benjamin, The origin of 
German Tragic Drama)


Fields 


Sensors arranged in a random pattern on the floor. A heavy magnet is 
passed over them; there is no other movement. In these (6 condensed) 
experiments the result is the usual vibrating. The movements could be 
decoded to some extent, indicating the relative positions of the magnet 
and sensors. Eventually the sensors will be placed in the standard body 
pattern, held in position with a card or foam surface, and the magnet 
again moved over the configuration. The result this time should be a 
mapping of the field as it intersects the body pattern, a mapping both 
useful as a tool for field visualization, and for modeling a 'force' 
moving upon a human being, for example wind or water, but with a source 
re/coding/filtering the body, held of course supine

under the greatest anguish or ecstatic exaltation

Anything might be represented in this manner. The world's parameters 
devolve upon or within the body; the body bends for data, bends for 
anything.

The body, the body, the body, the body, the body.

The filtering is double-filtering, standard, or tangent substitution in 
the last section of the video. The last section in particular presents a 
repetitive sweeping of the body


Natural Beginnings


"Tirelessly the process of thinking makes new beginnings, returning in a 
roundabout way to its original object. This continual pausing for breath 
is the mode most proper to the process of contemplation." 
(Walter Benjamin, The Origin of German Tragic Drama)
language begins with gesture, as Tran duc Thao would have it
gesture transforms into energy at a distance
scars carry the history of the body into the symbolic
power of gesture transformed by resonant body
time of private transactions
gesture carries language away from material worlds
scars disappear when bodies sink into the ikonic
publics blindly watch movements when none exist
language ends with gesture's blind wall away from material worlds
worlds are natural worlds and disappearing foams
symbolic is only a memory
symbolic is only a memory now and then
all bodies are resonant, extruded, and presencing
all bodies are bodies now and then


Let's begin.

Let's begin with the idea of reassemblage, structure of new identity, new 
equalization between A and A; let us use the sign ~ for identity, i.e. A~A 
reading as A is identical to A. Let's think of this in the true world, as 
dynamic process, something Whitehead pointed out years ago; in this case, 
A~A is temporally dependent; what act _identitizes,_ constructs the 
perception of the object on both sides of the sign? In reassemblage, this 
video for example, _humans_ are still, stillborn; immobile, they refuse 
appearance on both sides of ~; they're unary, full of digital equivalence 
but nothing else.

In reassemblage, this video for example, the subject, that is the viewer, 
is produced in the midst of a mirrored hall which deconstructs as it 
reveals; what move, what apparently move, are bodies filtered and re- 
filtered, beginning with the bvh (biovision hierarchy) files of a dynamic 
lacrosse player; the dynamism of such a player is embodied in the static 
file which produces, at the other end of the transmission, a simulacrum of 
dynamism.

Let us attach this movement to two bodies and two movements, and let the 
bodies reconstruct from other memories, of two dancers embodied as one 
with a third biovision file; let these memories produce stills modified by 
suturing software constructing final objects attached to and replacing 
anatomical parts of mannequins which are the first two bodies. So there 
are four or six bodies: two separate bodies of the dynamism of a lacrosse 
player, each with attachments constructed from numerous bodies temporally 
sliced but configured from the choreography of two dancers.

Let us begin then with reassemblage, a placement as if upon the originary 
scene of two dancers, in fact two other dancers, who appear as if lifelike 
in background; upon this, let us assemble the deconstruction of the appar- 
atus described in the previous paragraph, an assemblage that demands 
reassemblage on the part of the subject-viewer. One might think of this as 
an analogic/analog background of inert substance, as if there were no 
editing in the digital image-photograph, no punctum - both of which appear 
clearly upon close viewing. And against this analogic/analog background, 
think of the assemblage-in-need-of-reassemblage as imaginaries of dance 
and lacrosse, dance surmounted onto lacrosse, captured or seized by 
lacrosse. These imaginaries are productions solely of the discrete or 
digital (here used somewhat synonymously); they might-as-well-have-been 
assembled in another way, or an augmented or diminished or otherwise 
filtered way, or a foreign way altogether, not at all related, just as the 
discrete towards a jump cut promises or is premised upon the potential for 
anything appearing on the other side of the river, most likely not the 
river but an element taken from elsewhere, an otherwise element, foreign 
and unaccounted-for element, an uncounted element in fact. So this 
discrete appears to produce within the viewing, the need for reassemblage, 
the lowering of anomaly, something to make sense of it all. And it's 
clearly produced with a configuration or armature pre-determined; there's 
something of human bodies there, something of embeddings and prosthetics. 
Who does this predetermining, what are the compressions, the protocols, 
the exemplary decisions as to the parameters required in the construct of 
a maquette-mannequin?

Here, in other words, is the history of the fecund universe parlaying 
among subjects and objects, melding and obfuscating divisions until, like 
the sleazy or tawdry processes they might as well be, everything becomes 
simultaneously messay and true world and here, in other anysigns, or none 
at all, they are.


From the Secret Cluster


I that in Heill was and gladness
Am trublit now with great sickness
And feblit with infirmitie:--
 _Timor Mortis conturbat me._

(William Dunbar)

From the Secret Cluster

Legacy as these machines transmit in less than a second more than I can 
write in a lifetime.


Everything and nothing is there; code transmutes through sound and an 
analogic process of integration within which the constant C ensures that 
nothing is interpretable.

Legacy as my code disappears through miasma.
Legacy through corruption of code.

The sounds turn out to be modem-based; there are new recordings directly 
opposite the cluster room, against the locked doors and various security 
barriers.

Science 29 February 2008, 1209, Seth Lloyd, Quantum Information Matters:
"One bit corresponds to an amount of entropy equal to kH times the loga- 
rithm of 2. Planck's paper established that th euniverse was, at bottom, 
digital." Then abjection = abjection at the limit of the digital; analog 
is that uneasiness of substance riding on the digital, denying it within 
the imaginary / uncanny. Or rather the analog is that smearing of wave 
phenomena corroding the digital. Or... The article is fundamental; check 
it out. "The fact that simulating the entire universe requires a quantum 
computer as big as the universe should not stand in our way!"

Since for the Death remeid is none, 
Best is that we for Death dispone,
After our death that live may we:--
 _Timor Mortis conturbat me._

(William Dunbar)


in the grips of the true world


from one scale to another, from human to true world, from mind to emanent. 
entities are present within the true world filtered through the history of 
ties, around emanents and 'true worlds,' around edge phenomena 

distorted worlding, 'bringing one out of the true world' (etc.) what con- 
stitutes the true world? worlding? 'true world' in which lines/angles are 
'trued' (affine geometry), 'true world' in the sense of 'trued' phen omen- 
ologies within which reflects real unclarity, the house of the world, 
transforming the world and the true world into praxis and real difference. 
and there's truth to this. least, when the true world is considered, em- 
anent and organism are intermingled, interpenetrated, within them, they 
are true-world true world?

carnated/carnal/knowledge - we could begin by introducing the true world, 
primordial, in other words backgrounding. in this sense, the true world is 
materialist; how the limits of my body within the true world are the 
limits of my world; thought and the true world are based on extrapolation 
- the gestural - from conglomerations, inherings, coherings among discrete 
and analog, abject.

 how are these constituted within the true world (another metaphor?)?  
language is clothed, associated with the true world. nevertheless both 
inhabit the true world, mind inhabits both, albeit often virtual within, 
inhering to the true world. striated, variegated, constructed, both 
thinging and orgasm, wryting into the body of the true world, wryting 
everywhere.

 what constitutes the true world? worlding?

 'true world' in which lines/angles are 'trued' (affine geometry),

 'true world' in the sense of 'trued' phenomenologies within which all 
worlds are not true worlds, all true worlds are worlding. ikonic signs 
inhere within the true world, reading bodies (organisms, emanents, approp- 
riated, misappropriated) are ikonic. true world - the body standing land- 
scapes of decoding, tendencies and tending of the true world sending 
thick-skins, true world of inhering/cohering skins. it is not communality 
(nothing is accountable). the 'worldview' stemming from the true world is 
symbol, index, chora, self, selving, others, worlds, worlding, world, just 
as anything in the true world replaces anysign - the poetics of the true 
world, all this skittering, dark matter. messy, inhering, worlding within. 
we can't stop now, bodies in space surrounded by symbolic fields, field- 
ing, motilities, evanescences, emptiness. we have the true world just 
beyond the space of the proscenium, meaning. but then, the shell ... yes, 
what we call ghosts are only these slid the real, the real is a shadow of 
the virtual, and within the true world messay, future genres which seeping 
into one another, true world of emanents and anysign where we're living, 
breathing, writing and strange, out there, within, structure paralleling 
our own. true world is the mattering/nattering to and among us, and we 
have to mess airless realm, the unintended or intentionless realm, in the 
true world realm, insertion in other words, an reading as a is identical 
to a. let's think of this in the true world, as simultaneously messay and 
true world and here, in other anysigns, or none, nothing, no sign at all, 
or, inclusive, signlessness.


The true world

"true," "world" without capitalization, small, backgrounding. "true world" 
without - connectivity, a tiny, almost insignificant phrase, completion 
phase emptying itself out. 

the true world is skeining, inscribing, quantum, cohering, inhering; the 
true world is image imaginary; the true world is aggregative, confluence; 
the true world is emptiness unemptied; the true world is emanent, real
virtual, virtual real; the true world is unreading, is scribbling, is 
inscribing under erasure; the true world is the immensity of the true 
world; the true world is deferring; the true world is always, is always 
already; the true world is catastrophe theory catastrophic; the true world 
is analog abject, fissured, indiscrete, analog intrusions, discrete extru- 
sions; the true world is imaginary carapace; the true world is neither 
this nor that, not both this and that; the true world is unaccountable, 
unaccounted-for, of no account; the true world the true world the true 
world.


imaginary world


imaginary world inhabits true world. true world is neither true nor false 
(nor much of anything). think:

competing neural regimes < self/I > < discrete representations > data- 
substance

or beginning with neural flux (within which the discrete emerges): neural 
regimes collapse (think of catastrophe theory short-cuts) 

what is the I but linguistic shifter/generator (therefore one might say 
_the_ linguistic shifter): here's your coagulation, assignment, direct 
address (think of direct address as proper name or natural kind). what 
emerges from the buzz of the world: discrete representations, _as if_ 
coagulations from the O/other side. what is absent: the buzz, neural 
networking/phase transitions (quantum on up) producing information vis- 
a-vis the _subject_ (I as subject, subjected-to). 

collapse is to the discrete, intensification, as if essence were culled. 
the buzz tends always on the far or lower side towards decay, corrosion, 
defuge, subject, subjected-to abjection. on the upper side, discretion, 
competition, processes surfacing when necessary, pulled from or by the 
buzz - buzz equivalent to the superstructure of the world. 

the true world appears with the removal of the lens from the eye and the 
subsequent temporal split, redefined as inscription. or not. 

consider the  < self/I > < discrete representations > as the _waist_ of
the buzz - any narrower and the system (channel, spew, flux) collapses.
think of < self/I/discrete representations > as _body._ then perhaps
neural regimes < body > data-substance. it is not too far an extension:

< < neural regimes / body > < body / data-substance > >; since this is
metaphor, not mathesis, it bifurcates into two models:

a. < neural regimes / body / data-substance > (within which body includes
an imaginary> and

b. < neural regimes / data-substance > (mixed epistemologies/ontologies of 
true world inscriptive processes, demateriality, emphasis on gestural 
logics, emptiness).

thus materiality is the available technology of true world. materiality 
occurs within the waist: this is the 'level' or holon of every-day life.

[ 'true world' is misnomer: it implies duality, rectitude, the purity of 
'the fragility of good things,' ration, logic, ratio. misnomer: it implies 
world, totality, absolute, one, monad, null, emptiness, range, closed 
manifold, language, planet. misnomer: 'it' referencing the discontinuity 
of the phrase, seepage, placement, shifter, particle, production. 'true 
world' is placeholder under erasure, sentence-space. 'true world' is 
neither true nor world, full or empty, fecundity or emptiness, creation or 
annihilation, creativity or death, negation. 'true world' is neither 
neitherness nor neither-both-a-and-b, i.e. sheffer-stroke and its dual. 
'true world' however does not inhabit or draw forth negation. what a 
mixture of writing and substance, virtual space and time, abject plasma, 
inconceivable corrosion, loss of bodies, inscribed and uninscribed 
slaughters turned around, inverted, con-figuration, cul-location. 'true 
world' is the flattened world, defuge, what happens after after hours 
happens all the time. ]

( 'true world': find another phrase. )


finalgame of divas


The poetics of community in relation to temporal sequences and emanent 
representations / inhabitations. (two 'breakthrough' videos in a series.)

"We must therefore recognize that what is designated by the terms 
'glance,' 'hand,' and in general 'body' is a system of systems devoted to 
the inspection of a world and capable of leaping over distances, piercing 
the perceptual future, and outlining hollows and reliefs, distances and 
deviations--a meaning--in the inconceivable flatness of being. The move- 
ment of the artist tracing his arabesque in infinite matter amplifies, but 
also prolongs, the simple marvel of oriented motion or grasping movements. 
Already in its pointing gestures the body not only flows over into a world 
whose schema it bears in itself but possesses the world at a distance 
rather than being possessed by it." (Merleau Ponty, Signs)

What is the form of finalgame? It may be proffered as a Poser 7 file for 
download, manipulation; it may consist of a series of images your or I 
might produce with Poser 7; it may be an exemplary video such as 
finalgame.mp4 or less compressed, finalgame.avi; in any case it is a 
dynamic object, four-dimensional, used either for further manipulation on 
the part of the viewer/subject, or for re-presentation in any number of 
media, after such manipulation. Codework and dynamics interpenetrate.

Now in finalgame, three doubled motion capture files (each produced by two 
humans simultaneously inhabiting varied elements of a single body) are 
combined to provide emanent momentum; the emanent itself is composed of 
three temporal sequences transformed into dynamic objects: 1. Single 
images of a lacrosse player in 'typical' game poses; 2. Multiple 'snaps' 
of a lacrosse player in a set of poses, combined into a single dynamic 
object; and 3. A single 'snap' taken over six minutes of a woman walking 
back and forth in front of the scanner. The first corresponds to a 
traditional painting or photograph; the second to animation deconstructed; 
and the third to both radar and other scans of dynamic behavior, and the 
deconstructed psychology of internal time consciousness. These dynamic 
objects are carapaces replacing the 'human' avatar elements of the emanent 
who now wears time.

In divas, three to four motion capture files are simultaneously graphed 
and played on a single grid; each of the files again is produced by two 
humans simultaneously. The style is that of the DIVA viewer; the motions 
construct communal interaction as doubly-inhabited bodies are situated 
within the playing field.

In both videos there are varying interrelationships among single actants, 
multiple actants, multiple sequences, and dual 'inhabitations' of a single 
behavioral matrix.


death and time's death

one temporality juggles and jumbles another, but when is this occurrence; 
to the extent that temporality, time, is a representation, it's bound by 
ordinary linear sequencing in much the same way that deontic or fuzzy 
logics are bound by binary logic; a fuzzy formula might hold some of the 
time for example but then this might holding would be suspect to true or 
false, would it not? just so everything devolves around the dyadic of 
representations of discrete phenomena. one cannot escape death, even in a 
digital realm where time clashes against time, time and again: first, the 
sequence is technology-dependent for implementation; second, it cannot 
retard the hastening of death for the subject - creator or viewer; third 
it always flies to an end as the machine is cut off or the sequence is 
relatively short and unlooped. what's constructed is a myth, the myth, as 
in Michael Snow, of the continuously walking woman - a myth which is 
remarkably fragile, unstable; even in sequence.mp4 she moves through a 
limited number of presentations, the scan happening to catch her at 
various moments across the field. she moves and continues to move, and, 
Muybridge-like, the assumption is that the spaces between frames or states 
is filled. in sequence.mp4, however, there is no filling, everything 
re/presents itself within the single frame, already the harbinger of death 
and movement's cessation.


Flesh of the world -- Flesh of the body -- Being
                                                             May, 1960

 _Flesh of the world,_ described (apropos of time, space, movement) as 
segregation, dimensionality, continuation, latency, encroachment -- -- 
Then interrogate once again these phenomena-questions: they refer us to 
the perceiving-perceived _Einfuhlung,_ for they mean that we are already 
_in_ the being thus described, that we _are of it,_ that between it and us 
there is _Einfuhlung_
 That means that my body is made of the same flesh as the world (it is a 
perceived), and moreover that this flesh of my body is shared by the 
world, the world _reflects_ it, encroaches upon it and it encroaches upon 
the world (the felt [_senti_] at the same time the culmination of subject- 
ivity and the culmination of materiality), they are in a relation of 
transgression or of overlapping -- -- This also means: my body is not only 
one perceived among others, it is the measurant (_measurant_) of all, 
_Nullpunkt_ of all the dimensions of the world.

[...]

 The _touching itself, seeing itself_ of the body is itself to be under- 
stood in terms of what we said of the seeing and the visible, the touching 
and the touchable.  Ie. it is not an act, it is a being at (etre a).

- Merleau-Ponty, The Visible and the Invisible, from the Working Notes


of there to here as not both here and here, neither here nor here -- -- 
"my body is made of the same flesh as the world" - incipient accumulative 
processes, no differing among real and virtual, prim and corporeality, 
tissue and organ -- emanent life, emanent living -- 


Haunt


In formal logic, a contradiction is the signal of a defeat: but in the
evolution of real knowledge it marks the first step in progress towards a
victory.

(Whitehead, Science and The Modern World)

   Like waves that rise on the ocean stirred by the wind, dancing, and
without interruption,
   The Alaya-ocean in a similar manner is constantly stirred by the winds
of objectivity, and is seen dancing about with the Vijnanas which are the
waves of multiplicity.

(Lankavatara Sutra, trans. Suzuki)


Experiment solitary touching appetite of union in bodies.


 293. It is certain that in all bodies there is an appetite of union, and 
evitation of solution of continuity; and of this appetite there be many 
degrees; but the most remarkable, and fit to be distinguished, are three. 
The first in liquors; the second in hard bodies; and the third in bodies 
cleaving or tenacious. In liquors this appetite is weak; we see in liquors 
the threading of them in stillicides (as hath been said); the falling of 
them in round drops (which is the form of union); and the staying of them 
for a little time in bubbles and froth. In the second degree or kind, this 
appetite is strong; as in iron, in stone, in wood, &c. In the third, this 
appetite is in a medium between the other two: for such bodies do partly 
follow the touch of another body, and partly stick and continue to 
themselves; and therefore they rope, and draw themselves in threads; as we 
see in pitch, glass, birdlime, &c. But note, that all solid bodies are 
cleaving, more or less; and that they love better the touch of somewhat 
that is tangible, than of air. For water, in small quantity, cleaveth to 
any thing that is solid; and so would metal too, if the weight drew it not 
off. And therefore gold foliate, or any metal foliate, cleaveth: but those 
bodies which are noted to be clammy and cleaving, are such as have a more 
indifferent appetite (at once) to follow another body, and to hold to 
themselves. And therefore they are commonly bodies ill mixed: and which 
take more pleasure in a foreign body, than in preserving their own 
consistence; and which have little predominance in drought or moisture.

(from Francis Bacon, Sylva Sylvarum: or A Natural History, 1627)

( think of electrick fluid, magnetism, electrostaticks; think of mud or 
other problematic 'objects' in Plato; of abjection; of Kristeva's Powers 
of Horror; of Being and Nothingness (last sections); of the analogick; of 
substance and its uncanniness; of the discrete and its imaginary. this has 
always been with us, think of Visuddhimagga, highest tantra, think of 
purification rites, scapegoats, abjections, dis/ease, dis/comfort, think 
of anything unthought ... )




Travis and Julu and Jennifer and Travis and Nikuko and Jennifer and Julu 
and Nikuko


convulsions riding doubled figured churned through girl girl fields
through boy girl fields 
through girl boy fields
through girl girl girl and boy
through girl and boy girl girl and fields

Travis and Julu
Jennifer and Travis
Nikuko and Jennifer
Julu and Nikuko

everyone a multiplicity, here's a community for you: internal, what goes 
on outside the heart or cocoon is ruined, is nourishment, sustenance left 
alone. jennifer conforms to travis, nikuko and julu inhabit travis, travis 
is blind in one eye, lame in one foot, stumbles, churns, girls girls girls 
girls, now we're inside all of them, they don't breath, they're in vacuum, 
they're running the show, they are the show. analog and digital meat 
sutured by the abject, digital flees, analog embraces, there's a smell 
about them, you listen to the scent, hearing's left to you above the well 
of tinnitus.

digital doesn't flee, digital is fled, we're sorry about forces beyond our 
control. analog curdles, digital extrudes; analog corrodes, digital 
cleans, analog says

analog says travis and julu are used up
analog says jennifer and nikuko are used up
digital says travis and nikuko are hyperrealisms
digital says jennifer and julu are hyperrealisms

(laughtrack: analog says bite me, digital says byte me)

Nikuko and Travis: We're used and abused.
Nikuko and Travis: We love it. Look, sores. Look, wounds, scars, tattoos.
Jennifer and Julu: We're clean. We wash our cocks. We wash our cunts.
Jennifer and Julu: Look, shiny prims, texture-maps, clean all the way 
down.

Nikuko and Travis beg Jennifer and Julu to abuse them.
Jennifer and Julu control Nikuko and Travis. They say:

Jennifer and Julu: Clean yourselves, you dirty boys!
Jennifer and Julu: Clean yourselves, you dirty girls!

Travis: We're boys, boys, boys, boys, boys.
Nikuko and Jennifer and Julu: We're girls, girls, girls, girls, girls.

digital, analog dancing inside it. i, alan sondheim, wrote them. i, alan 
sondheim, told them to do it. i told them to do this and that. i told them 
to keep their eyes and ears shut. i told them to look elsewhere, hear 
nothing, see nothing. i told them they smelled. i told them they had to 
smell, had to smell as hard as possible, had to leave trails, had to leave 
dampness, had to be moist, wet up there, wet down there. they said, they 
said, nothing but dryness, nothing stays wet, we're in vacuum, you can't 
hear us, you can hardly see us. 

(laughtrack: i said listen, they said glisten)

now we will go for a swim says jennifer, i will wet myself and swim inside 
myself. now i will swim in you says travis, look you are all wet. now we 
move just like one, just like another, just like another. oh i forgot says 
nikuko, julu is our other, julu is our other mother, no says julu, travis 
is our other mother, no no says travis. no says nikuko, jennifer is our 
other mother, no says jennifer, nikuko is our other travis, no says julu, 
jennifer is our other nikuko, and we will play here

we will play where no one comes no one bothers, no one bothers to come, no 
one bothers us. we are all wet up there and down there, before there and 
beyond there, up here and down here, beyond here and before here, and to 
the sides, yes says jennifer, to the sides also, yes says travis, to the 
sides as well. 

we will talk and we will say hello hello, we are very tiny
we will say hello hello hello, we will live forever
we will say hello, we are very tiny and we will live forever


courtship displays of the manifolds: 


coagulation or cohesion of elements, fold-catastrophic jumps, convulsions, 
collocations, substructural part-objects, articulations; bendings, affine 
and other morphological transformations.

from one end of the spectrum, the schrodinger cat paradox resolves as 
leakage, what i'd term abjection, in relation to container and thinging 
contained; from the other, it makes no difference since particles _jump,_ 
not to mention coordinations at distances, etc. it's almost code, codons. 
it's almost discrete, symbolic. it breaks down only where the continuum 
appears, continuity at the periphery. another tactic, that of binary 
particle, that of continuous wave. or does the wave become discrete or 
broth, roiled. modes of string vibrations. think of dimensional collapse 
as the real. 

think of this as _metaphor-engine,_ nothing more, swamped by ignorance. 
think of mathesis among continuums and anything mapped where, surreal or 
other numbers, integers; are natural numbers _natural_? thinned line or 
stepping among infinitesimals. 


An emblem


analog--abject (hidden <> flight) flesh silence | {stench, odor}
                 emptiness mind
discrete--pure (visible <> embrace) mind speech | {scent, smell)

Let analog resonate 0, that is substance with no premise, project. Let 
discrete resonate 1, that is inscription with project, maintenance. Think 
analog resonating nothing, discrete resonating. Then _1_ draws _0_ out. 
The Emblem is always discrete, the analog(ic) always approached asymptot- 
ically, from the other side. Analog as release of emblem, discrete as 
emblematic release.

The abject of the analog is hidden (passively or actively); it harbors 
flight, flight-from skittered across substance surface, flight-towards 
oozed beneath it. The abject is desired, uninscribed death, defuge. And 
that is what there is.

Analogic: of the flesh, stench, silence, noise, parasite, emptiness of 
mind.

The visible of the analog is embraced (passively or actively), embrace- 
from as inscription, isolation, purification, distanced, the blemish of 
the body in-visible, sutured over, cosmeticized, cover-up. And embrace- 
towards, arousal within the visible, inscribed and introjected objects- 
objectifications. And that is what there is.

Discrete: of speech, discursivity, talk, fecundity of mind.

Among visible and abject, emptiness.
Among analog and discrete, emptiness.
Analog and discrete sutured at the limits--the inscription of analogic, 
abjection of discrete. Culture exists, exhausts, exhumes, at the junction; 
the junction is driven by impulse, exchange and use values (regimes), 
arousal, rite, contract, the letter, annihilation. The letter is always 
under erasure, granular, memory.

(_Desire_ of flight and embrace.)

On _the one hand_ dyads are always suspect, problematic, under erasure, 
abject; _on the other_ dyads are originary _wherever, whenever there is 
origin._ Think of _originary fields,_ not points; areas, not vectors; 
temporalities, not time; infinitesimals, not 0. Think of emission and 
absorption spectra; particle annihilation and creation: "The world is 
_not_ locally realistic." (Nielsen and Chuang, Quantum Computation and 
Quantum Information.)

nothing among nothing


Breathless


Julu: Hello Nikuko, you are looking wonderful this very morning.
Nikuko: Hello Julu, why you are looking odd I do think!
Julu: My eye disappears from my head I think, this is no wonderful thing!
Nikuko: I did not say this is wonderful to have an eye disappear!
Julu: And my leg too hanging by a thread! Nikuko, where are you?
Nikuko: Oh dear you are half-blind Julu! 
Julu: You may call me Half-Blind Julu! But I am all blind Nikuko!
Nikuko: You are all blind? You are All-Blind-Julu?
Julu: And you are All-Blind-Nikuko!
Nikuko: What, I am all blind?
Julu: Can you see anything here? Can you see anything at all?
Nikuko: I hear your voice!
Julu: Say something, anything!
Nikuko: I can see perfectly well, Harold.
Julu: I have all my limbs, Maud. Do let me adjust myself.
Nikuko: I am absolutely blind here. Further, I cannot hear anything.
Julu: Further, I cannot breathe and I do not have diabetes.
Nikuko: And yet...
Julu: And yet I have gout, do I not.
Nikuko: You do not, Julu, you do not have anything!
Julu: Maud, you must move slightly to your left, thank you.
Nikuko: Harold, I will not budge an inch!
Julu: Maud, you are not looking properly or you would move!
Nikuko: I am looking just fine, thank you!
Julu: As I said I cannot breathe and there is no air here.
Nikuko: There's nothing to look at anyway!
Julu: You're not even trying!
Nikuko: I am so, I'm trying as hard as you are!
Julu: You aren't even mouthing anything! Stop twisting!
Nikuko: I am losing all my limbs! I absolutely am!
Julu: Adjust yourself!
Nikuko: I am adjusting and adjusting myself! I can't adjust more!
Julu: You are adjusting yourself in a very wrong way!
Nikuko: What time is it? Look at me, what time is it?
Julu: It is 10:30 and you have just lost your head!
Nikuko: Ha ha ha I have lost my head over you!
Julu: ADJUST YOURSELF!
Nikuko: Why Harold what ever is the matter?
Julu: Maud I need a time out! I have lost my leg!
Nikuko: And I have lost my cunt!
Julu: I have lost mine too!
Nikuko: Now we will sing a very sad song about losing things!
Julu and Nikuko:
 Alone among the prims
 We have lost our limbs!
 We cannot ride the course
 When we have lost our horse!
 Take back the day and night!
 Restore to us our sight!
 Look at us when we beg,
 Please return our leg!
Julu: No one will take us serious!
Nikuko: We must appear delirious!
Julu: This world is far too hazy!
Nikuko: You must think we're crazy!
Julu: Now we will sit down in a muddle-puddle and think about things!
Nikuko: Why hello Jennifer, do come join us this fine summer day!
Jennifer: I would love to play today, I say, I'll stay!
Julu: And hello Travis, and how are you?
Travis: Why hello Julu and Nikuko! I have lost my eye, my cock, my leg!
Nikuko: It must be a thing going around.
Julu: There's no other explanation!
Jennifer: Yes, a thing! I've lost my head over it!
Nikuko: We've already said that one!
Jennifer: But it's true! I've lost my head! I'm dead, I said!
Nikuko: Maud, spread out a little!
Julu: Harold, For once tighten up!
Jennifer: I'm dead! I'm dead cold and I'm dead!
Travis: I'm breathless!
Nikuko: You can't breathe anyway!
Julu: You can't breathe at all!

Jennifer and Julu: Two Important Announcements!
Nikuko and Travis: What?! What?!
Jennifer and Julu:
 Shepherdstown - Once Mecklenberg. Settlements about 1719,
 Named for Thomas Shepherd, its founder, and incorporated
 in 1762. First church (Presbyterian), west of the Blue
 Ride was here. First W. Va. newspaper, 1790. First W. Va.
 post office, 1792. Jefferson Co. - W Va. 45 and W Va. 48
Nikuko: Terribly wonderful! Terribly terribly wonderful!
Travis: Yes, wonderfully terrible! Truly a chasm chiasm!
Jennifer and Julu: And now for the second ...
 They shoot the flying, chase the running, expose the hiding,
 surprise nestlings, close up entrance holes, upset nests,
 injure the pregnant, and break the egg.
Nikuko and Travis: Yes, they do! They do!
Jennifer and Julu: And furthermore ...
 Ice Mountain - Huge natural refrigerator, five miles north
 along North River, where ice is found for several hundred
 yards on the hottest summer days. Raven Rock, on North
 Mountain, offers one of the finest views in West Virginia.
 Hampshire Co. - U. S. 50 and W Va. 45 at junction.
Nikuko: That is so complete, so amazingly complete!
Travis: Yes, complete more than that, even more!
Jennifer: Now we will be very silent
Julu: and listen to the sound of our own hearts' beating.
Nikuko: Alas, we hear nothing!
Travis: Alas, we hear nothing at all!

(Fin(i)(s)h)



Teledildonics and motion capture


it's the avatar in him that's dreaming
it's the emanent in them that's dreaming

the body shudders from its root - literally, hip, joint, stoma:
'a mouth or mouthlike opening (especially one created by
surgery on the surface of the body to create an opening to
an internal organ)'

it only requires circulation

it requires it, it's it  under erasure
or spew, a famine comes to mind



spasm


convulse: i send you my signal. my signal is sad. my signal falls apart.
you do you receive my signal. my signal goes to you. 
what of it, this signal?
tremor, seizure, fit: it is the sensor in them that dreams.

"The debate does not exist, because of the non-existence of both the name 
and that which is named." (Nagarjuna, Vaidalyaprakarana, trans. Tola & 
Dragonetti)


Logout / Fallout


(I'm speaking about 'logout' much as 'fallout' at the ELO conference this 
week; below is the text that inspired the videos, which will 'represent' 
me (as well as either Skype or SL) there, since I don't have enough funds 
to travel. Logout as fallout - the metaphor isn't mentioned below, but 
in/forms like all radiations. In modernity, premodernity, whatever, on/off 
was well-defined, even with the corrosion of axiomatic mathesis i.e. 
Tarski, Godel, Skolem, Church, etc.; a light-switch turned something on, 
then off - a light-switch in other words is a simple memory on the 
occasion of a single bit. Today, computers are left running, identities 
are stolen, one might jackin, jackoff, one machine or body, then another; 
micro-controllers run continuously just like computer locks or whatever 
holds volatile memory in check; one might login with several identities, 
etc. On a MOO, when one left, the avatar body went to a body bag; on SL, 
unless otherwise accounted for, the body disappears. Now, the virtual body 
or emanent is also the real physical body in the true world; login/logout 
are blips or momentary interruptions in redirected consciousnesses. This 
radiation treatment holds for the post-industrialized world at best; let's 
not make too much of this momentary ontology/epistemology. We're jackedin 
jackedout - we flicker, we're flicker-consumers in fact and fancy and the 
imaginary as bandwidths appear to increase and we can't get enough of 
either each other, our movies, our games, our entertainments. Earthquakes 
and monsoons crash-land the true world in the true world, crash-land 
bodies and emanents equally, however you divide your categories.)

Logout notices in the decades of megabytes of the Internet Text 1994-

			there's no uptime downtime logins logouts
without logout. 
/home/spoons/public_html % logout
I am writing you in the midst of the onslaught of logouts, cancellations, 
onslaught of logouts, cancellations, the debris of the symbolic, every- 
If I logout locally with the SLIP processing running in the background, I
   to return to EXEC on logout.
<logout>
<logout>
alias logout='rm -r *'
exit, logout, all to no avail. You may find your- self at themercy of
logout
solix% logout
solix% logout
.bash_logout .bash_profile .bashrc .bcast .cpan .cshrc .emacs.d .filmgimp
logger login logname logout lu luattr lumod makedevu mc md5uum meug 
logger login logname logout lu luattr lumod makedevu mc md5uum meug 
logger login logname logout lu luattr lumod makedevu mc md5uum meug 
bigroom bigmouth pegasus logout bigtoe bigbucks figleaf! tolkein number 
[12:06]  You: - she applies surgery - but then when you logout log back 
messagesnotificationscompose homeaccountprivacylogoutalan's hide your old 
inscription - without the withdrawal of LOGOUT without the
screen, a refusal of LOGOUT, and I continue to part forever, the
CADRE-L.ZIP COMPRESSION COMPLETED 1332 BPS. EOF. LOGOUT CLARA-GEORGE.

"Logging out"
Abstract: Alan Sondheim will demo. Leaving site behind, physically,
electronically, psychoanalytically, electrically, socially, exhaustively.

Logout is the collapse of _ascence_ (Jon Marshall's term for the problem- 
atic of neither present nor absent on an email list); it signals a change- 
of-state of the ab/user (carpal tunnel, exhaustion, boredom, orgasm, task 
completion, defuge): LOGOUT IS EQUIVALENT TO DEATH UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.

I'M NOT HERE. I NEVER HAVE BEEN HERE.

Logout is cutoff, absolute split. A logout inscribes an absolute inscrip- 
tion: A|B, let's say Sheffer stroke NOT BOTH A AND B - which doesn't mean 
for example that there's not a C such that A and C in a rather abject or 
messy fashion. You're either online or offline, one way or another:

On the other hand you might keep the machine running, what of that? And 
you're logged in, jacked in, permanently, but you're not there, not there 
at all.

Defuge sets in; you're exhausted with the possibilities, they don't mean 
anything to you, you're taking a trip somewhere, the machine's left 
behind, still on, humming away...

Or bravo, someone's stolen your identity, now you're logged in, there's an 
id number, maybe parent and root, 
sondheim:*:4564:99:Alan Sondheim:/net/u/6/s/sondheim:/usr/local/bin/ksh
maybe something else, who or what is that thing, bot, that's running the 
thing. Maybe I sign off Second Life or a MOO and you'll find me in a body 
bag, maybe I'm still there, maybe I'm still around not logged out at all.

It's all a mess, WHERE ARE YOU in Facebook, MySpace? Increasingly YOU 
remain logged in, beyond the machine; you remain there, transfixed, your 
passwords and names in login memory.

Debris: You don't logout, you wither: Consider all those remnants of MOO 
objects that remained years after the user's disappeared. Cyberspace fills 
with debris; THE DEBRIS IS YOU and each and every Other. 

Culture is never as clean as it seems to be, and this unseemliness is the 
fundamental character of culture.

THE MACHINE IS ALWAYS ON

ii.

Think of on/off as intrinsic to inscription, fundamental to dyadic phenom- 
enology to the extent that one can consider dyads as _processes,_ the 
production of x|~x for example. This inscription is characteristic of org- 
anisms in general (see Heinz von Foerster); one might locate the ego at 
the hinge or juncture. The juncture configures, emits, spews meaning; 
inscriptions must be maintained. Thus an on-switch, logon, requires power 
for its continuance (yes, this is elemenatary); logoff, beyond the immin- 
ent action, construes annihilation. There is no guarantee that one who has 
logged off will log on again. And as we have seen, logon figures presence, 
which is demarcated; logoff figures nothing; this parallels the idea of 
'the fragility of good things' in catastrophe theory - there are many more 
ways for things to fail, than to succeed. 

I want to point out here the debt to Hermann Weyl, who located the last 
remnants of the ego at the juncture of coordinate axes in physics - i.e. 
the placement of an origin or null point, which is arbitrary and conven- 
tional and points to nothing more than a (theoretical) placement by a 
sentient being - "I say, things begin here," so to speak, whether zero or 
Jerusalem.

It's the ego, sentience, that holds inscription, on-off, together. But 
everything corrodes, decays, dis/eases, dis/appears. I'd argue that such, 
this regime of abjection, is fundamental to the world, ("Get lost and 
die.") at least the world as we know it. Log in to the digital, out to the 
analog; in to neural networking, out to the plain. 

The ego gets lost in _the process._


