


Hello Nikuko and you are how? I have been very busy, reading about the 
electrical apparatus, electrostatics and dynamic electricity, from the 
late eighteenth century, perhaps early to mid-ninteenth century. To be 
sure, what a mix of worlds here, electrical theatrics, young men leading 
young women into circular frenzy, controlled, I do forget how beautiful 
you are, your wet skin, tissue against mine, minds blurred, the 
discharges, phenomena Dionysian, the apparatus Apollonian - cleansed, 
purified, perfected, holding charge back -I remembver your orgasms, your 
body against mine, matter speaking and no one listening for that matter: 
the audibility of the world was all bound up in the visible, even the 
electrostatic parlor tricks resulted in sounds and sights, the ontology of 
what was taken for granted as real. This isn't science, this is the 
ikonic; we might as well leave the indexical far behind. There are no 
pointers, no measurements, with all of these phenomena, just phenomena 
themselves, as if the world were talking, but talking mutely, drenched in 
our passion, against our skins and minds.Which perhaps the young women 
chose to ignore; I'd imagine they'd choose to ignore it, and which is why

yes, as we would have them, and have us, and have at them and ourselves...



screams and cadence


listening to CB radio in Morgantown, the first, breaker2, is an odd 
melange of screams and cries - filtered in breaker2filter. I imagine these 
are taken from a film or produced in some audio program; they're frighten- 
ing. the breaker1 is a sequence on channel 6 with the dead air edited out. 
I'm fascinated by cadence and rhythm here. I'm working with 02 radio, 
short-wave, scanning, vlf, low frequency, crystal, listening to anything I 
can receive. our place is hampered by a location in a small hollow near 
the middle of the town - too much interference from the power grid, not 
enough radio visibility. On the other hand, the screams, if screams they 
be, came through loud and clear.



Electronic writing, approach


Electronic writing is always protocol-based and always dynamic. Keyboard
strokes signal interrupts, the screen-image is constantly refreshed, fonts
are interchangeable, links and animations may be present, the text may be
updated by the original author or modified by others, the text might be
deleted once and for all, or temporarily deleted, or duplicated and
transformed from one to another site, or printed out hardcopy, or faxed,
or entirely transformed into another medium - audio, steganography, online
or offline calligraphy, and so forth. The text is fluid, inherently
non-canonic, every instance is equivalent to every other, every instance
is original and plagiarism. The text is burdened by apparatus from ebook
reader to desktop, cellphone to electronic billboard. The text requires
maintenance, electrical current, to continue its electronic presence. The
text requires the transparency of protocols to be present, presented. The
text requires an interface from electronic hardware-software circuitry to
visual or other presentation. The text requires busses or connectors from
one component to another, and from internal electronics to display. The
text also requires data storage, and encoding/decoding as well as the
potential well of checksums and other means ensuring minimal errors. If
the text is transferred from one hardware medium to another or one file
format to another, it requires interoperability - an interoperability
which leaves the surface of the text relatively inviolate. The text
requires data storage which itself exists within a physical potential
well, producing the semblance of at least momentary stability. The text
requires light or sound or haptic or other sensors. And the text requires
a relatively stable input environment, within which the interrupts are
apparently operating smoothly, transmission is relatively clear from
infractions or appears clear from such, lag is sufficiently small and the
buffer sufficiently large to give the writer/programmer/artist at least a
degree of illusory autonomy.

Let us not forget that machines, habitus, economy, are required. That the
stability of signs and sign systems are required. That mutually understood
sememes are required. That languaging among a community of more or less
speakers/writers is required.

The text itself, per se, requires nothing. Nothing is required unless com-
munication, beyond the communication of error, anomaly, distortion, annih-
ilation, creation, exchange, displacement, condensation, theft, hack,
repetition, meta-transformations or meta-signifiers based on the bracket-
ing of the text - unless communication based on at least the semblance of
interiority, is desired; in this sense the author is ghost, wraith, close
to invisible beyond, beneath, the text, perhaps present at the birth of
the text or system or links of text, and perhaps not.

And this list, drawn from apparatus, habitus, text, language, economy,
catastrophic and stable regimes, may be extended or diminished - the terms
are variable, problematic; the 'worldview' stemming from the true world is
equally problematic.

Nonetheless: The text, and one might of course argue that each and every
text is always already dynamic, that such is the nature of communication,
written or spoken or otherwise. Still: One might or might not make a
distinction between traditional texts and those that are up for grabs in
relation to electrical and other dynamic forms of reproduction, whose
outputs are also dynamic, at least to the extent of redrawing/rewriting/
rewryting the image or text or social/creative internal and external
content and positioning of the text.

Now further, what is it that we teach, that is normally taught, if not for
the stability of the canon, or stability for that matter of jodi.org or
other entities and projects and productions or producings which are not
stable whatsoever but are part and parcel of literature today, however such
may be defined? Unless literature is confined to the printed page, in which
case it is also confined to a relatively small corner of electronic- social
life today, that is, confined to a relatively small and perhaps irrelevant
corner of life itself. So perhaps it is time, and of course in this
space/place I am preaching mainly to the converted, to teach litera- ture as
a residue or heartland of the social-technologic, as a production of desire,
at least to the extent of the desire to be produced, in rela- tion to
literature as theory or language or other artifacture? In spite of the fact
that theory is essential to hermeneutics and the reception of literature. In
which case, literature might be approached top down, or sides-in, lateral,
so that, for example, the existence of the external flash drive,
conveniently plugged into a machine for extra memory, operat- ing system,
creative software, text repository, would be inherently part of the
questions: What, how, why, when, where do we write? Where are our writings
deposited? What hope do we have for their survival? What about _this
particular text_ within this particular environment - a momentary housing at
best? What about momentary housing? Obsolescence? And so forth?

From a related discussion with Sandy Baldwin, Frances van Scoy Azure Carter:
Given the above, what are the software issues themselves? What are the
textual or graphic or other interfaces employed? What are the esthetics of
those interfaces? Since every interface both transmits and filters, what are
the conditions of transmission, and what is filtered out, what artifacts are
added in? Is the interface considered an object or a process (continual
updating of beta, name+number (Quicktime 7.4 for example), is it purchased
or free, open or closed source? What is the user control over the interface
and what is the interface's control over the user? (For example,
user-specified fonts may override monospaced fonts in a text apparently
involving graphic-ascii or other presentation.)

Further, there are phenomenological issues related to traditional media, to
media in general: What is the genre-lens we're using in reading/looking
at/processing/hearing/etc. a text? What is the history of the genre? Of
genre? How does genre relate to canon and is the text considered canonic? Is
it considered a finished text, an object, a process, an unfinished text, a
variorium, an ur-text, a meta-text, a critique of another exemplary text, a
system of procedures or modules or sub-modules? Further, is the text
considered part of a cycle? Of a community of texts? Written by one or more
authors? Is the user part of a community of users, for example a book club?
Was the text written for a community or specific community? What theory, if
any, is used to approach the text? What is the text's relation to that
theory? To theory? Who wrote, programmed, created, tended, the text? Is the
text interactive, reactive, stationary, mobile within the interface,
apparently within the user's control, out of the user's control; does it
alter the interface framework, collapse or appear to hack into the
framework? And is the text designed to be read/viewed/ heard/etc. with a
particular viewer in mind? With a particular person or group or groups of
people?

Finally, is electronic writing textual? Can one speak of an 'electronic
text'? Is electronic writing _read_? Are there other ways to approach it?
(Is electronic writing an 'it'?) I want to argue against canon, genre,
static or state approaches, I want to argue in favor of a general field
phenomenology of organism, inscription, inscribing, emanent, machinic and
other phyla, wryting and other processes, I want to think through no final
solutions, no stages of consciousness, no conclusions, no edifices, no
thing, other and no other, I want to argue against this messaying, this
lack (what did I forget, what did I leave out, what have I gotten wrong,
what don't I know, what did I express poorly if at all?), I want to argue
against argument, I want to argue the favor of your



-

Important Things


Our house likes in a small depression in one of Morgantown's hills; as a 
result anyone can see into it from above We keep the shades drawn at 
night. Around midnight last night, two white males 20-25 knocked on the 
door of a house on the next block, broke in, beat up the residence with a 
tire iron or crowbar, and stole whatever. Someone might just part behind 
our house in the alley, work his way up the side to the porch, wreak 
havoc. My body's temperature regulation has always been off, but is worse 
than ever here, and I've had slight fevers as a result. Our cat Ossi 
Oswalda makes our house feel like a home. There is no red spot on my desk, 
no flock of blackbirds, no waiter against which I measure myself, selves, 
and the world. The basement of our house is dark, but there is no pile of 
rope which might be mistaken for a snake, or a snake which might be 
mistaken for a pile of rope; instead there are familiar things and we find 
our way round in the dark. We are frightened of Bush and M. Cain; there is 
no esthetics to our politics, which are weak theory tending towards TAZ. 
West Virginia has the highest prescription drug rate per capita in the 
country and it's out of control; I argue with my 'health care provider' to 
get basic medicine. No one has stolen our copper telephone wires to sell - 
they bring fair money - and I gather some drugs, which we are not on, cost 
between $60 and $80 per pill. A letter I wrote to the Dominion Post was 
published, decrying the efforts of someone on the state legislature to 
teach gun use and safety to school children; the idea is to revive the 
local hunting population, which is on the decline. I visited a friend of 
mine five minutes after his mother-in-law was given last rites; she is 
still alive and spent six hours last night calling out apparently random 
numbers. The atmosphere creaks with tension. Changes are about. I will 
reread the Diamond Sutra. The small scanner computer in the lab began 
screaming this afternoon; it wouldn't stop. We opened it up and found the 
fan burned out, everything red-hot. We took a fan from another computer 
and so far things are working out fine; I scanned Siva and vajra. Our 
friends in Bruceten Mills might have weather damage; the area was hard-hit 
and a dam broke last night. Ossi Oswalda is dreaming again. I picked up 
Boston on the crystal radio. It's night.

Against this I think of important things, or against these things, some of 
which are important to me, I think of things which might be ultimately 
important. Of course these aren't things, but events, happenings, and 
there is an entire literature about the distinction between the two - a 
distinction which is slippery at best and which requires at least a rather 
coherent idea of a rather coherent space-time, against which all things 
are measured. Or not, for one might well take into account fuzzy logic, 
the asymptotic behavior of strange attractors, and the general miasma of 
the real world. And who is this 'one' taking this into account, taking 
anything into account, if not for a 'one' who is fearless and healthy, or 
at least tending towards both? For the philosophy of important things is 
by and large taken up from the position of health and equanimity; while 
one might not write lyric poetry after Auschwitz, philosophy stands firm. 

What would a philosophy of important things, which are not things, from 
the viewpoint of ill health or mental disturbance - what would such a 
philosophy look like? We might turn to Levinas' existence and existents, 
or some of Lingis; we might turn towards subaltern philosophy or libera- 
tion theology; we might embrace those who write with their backs to the 
wall, as if the Resistance were a model for truth distilled against a 
desperation of everyday life and the occasion of that desperation. We 
might turn further to philosophy of the sick-bed, to tantric embrace of 
death by those still alive, those dying, those already passed. We might 
discuss emptiness and the vast sweeping that occurs in Madhyamaka phil- 
osophy - and in the philosophy of 'the Buddha from Dolpo,' Dolpopa Sherab 
Gyaltsen, who emphasizes a kernel of absolute truth, two modes, not one, 
of emptiness. Or we might insist that emptiness is of no consequence and 
no occasion, and is not important, or the least important, but then what 
is one's attitude towards rebirth and cyclicity, which I believe are at 
best medieval concepts? Turn back a moment towards that absolute, or any, 
or any other, and one might find safe haven, a harbor, a ground, a primor- 
dial existent or backgrounded, a chora for example, out of which good 
things occur (one might also think through the idea of 'the fragility of 
good things' in relation to the bad at this (empty) point). One argues, 
speaks, thinks, within the background just as one exists within the 3K 
background radiation of the universe: it's there, not as dark matter might 
be, but as the dimmest consistent illumination as the cataclysm of cosmic 
birth spreads out, presumably forever. We're heading for the dark, but 
will never quite reach it - an opposite of absolute zero, it is the place 
or space of the greatest weakening of all. 

Absolutes frighten me; I cannot imagine a guru, authority, presence, to 
which I would give myself, even in the light of incandescent knowledge. 
When I look at important things - being, nothingness, foreground, life, 
death, absence, presence, creation, annihilation, motion, language, ikon, 
symbol, index, chora, self, selving, others, worlds, true world, worlding, 
beings, essence, existence, safe-harbor against home invasion, healthy 
temperature regulation of the body - they don't disappear upon scrutiny, 
they don't divide, they're not solved or resolved relegated to dependent 
categories, they're not illuminated by continued and permanent analysis or 
therapeutic. They shift and are messy, their boundaries meld into other 
melding boundaries, their skins are sheave-skins which themselves turn out 
to be protocols and elemental manipulations. Below all, they're abject, 
neither here nor there, neither one thing nor the other, embodiments of 
dissolving Sheffer-strokes and their duals. When I look at important 
things, my analysis flees from analysis; it is the analysis of flight; of 
exile, but exile on the move; of refuge, but temporary at best; of dis- 
course, but against the futility of speech, languor of language, loss of 
memory which haunts us from before and after our breathing lives. Import- 
ant things are neither in the absolutes or categories, nor in the details; 
neither the forest nor the trees; and neither the gesture nor the proto- 
col. They are not things. They are withdrawals, puckers; they are the 
austral and boreal currents among earths and metals in various states of 
weather and decomposition. 'When I look at important things, my retina and 
its processing.' I might say this writing is a refuge from the night, but 
what night, what refuge, what writing? All of my writing, perhaps, and all 
writing, perhaps, writing on the wane.



important things ii


in 'Important Things' i initiated the move from a poetics of everyday life 
to a deconstruction of absolutist philosophy; the tension between the two 
plays out in life, text, image, sound. the experience of the body is the 
body, the experience of the body is anything which can be reflected, any- 
thing which cannot be reflected. our death is a sign we cannot speak. your 
death is that sign of speech, that sign which is any sign. my death is a 
sign i cannot speak. we meander among signs and voice do we not?

in important things i began the project which appears as the object of 
anita berber. ghosts exist and this is as much in evidence as anything, 
anysign. let us think of anysign as the bending or devolution of sign;
the sivaj below are just such a sign.

anysign is neither singular nor plural and replaces anything in the true 
world, just as anything in the true world replaces anysign given the 
ikonic thud of sign, voice, body, text, image, sound, life. 

life is emanent life and tissue-skin emanent is sheave-skin organism.

Leon Brillouin in Science and Information Theory, quoted in Patrick 
Meredith, Instruments of Communication: "There is obviously a certain 
expenditure of energy in the process of writing, but we find no trace of 
the energy on the written page. There is no visible negentropy left 
either, yet the information is there, completely dissociated from these 
other elements."

then reading is the coagulation-energy from the anysign catalyst which is 
a pharmacopeia of the real. and then anita berber chora-choratic wanders 
anysign. withdraw the name and the real puckers and withdraws; fluids 
circulate, and it is clear, among less important things, that 'object of 
anita berber' construes a proper name only in its abandonment. anysign is 
crutch, any utterance prosthetic.


object of anita berber and ghosts of important things


objects of syrup and meditation

-



Aalan and Nikuko: The Gesture

