


in the rasping of these many worlds

{ on a foreign planet a great claw moves

dark masses echo safety's incarnate form

{ serrated edges hold things in its grasp

imaginary in our sad faltering

{ thud echoes through the mantle up and down

safety in the curling inward home

{ knowing neither home nor sea nor sky

follow down beneath our fulling surface

{ dimly lit and friction takes its course

hiding from the universe and death

{ othering murmurs everywhere abroad

cuddling quietly in endless sleep

{ alive and everywhere and endless claws

always deep below beyond the deep

{ on every planet murmuring and maws


some characteristics of organic and emanent life


homeostasis - boundary maintenance + (coherency of avatar body)
elaboration: coherency references a body that remains topologically
 connected, no matter what external and internal motions occur.
consideration: of course the body may be split by wounding, division,
 and other processes; in these cases, the body homeostatically
 repositions itself. external motions: the organism or emanent changing
 position in relation to the external world (space time coordinates);
 internal motion: processes, motions, within the body of the organism.


immunity - identity maintenance + (database accountancy)
elaboration: immunological processes based on body identification 
 (organism) and database stability and stable addressing of whole and
 parts (emanent).
consideration: relationship of dis/ease and disease/hacking. identity
 maintenance occurs within absolute fluidity; with organism, motility
 and bodily changes (disease/death/exhaustion/dissolution/decay/
 extinction/mutation etc.), and with emanent, 'remakes' (new textures,
 bodies, accouterments, etc.), corporate transformations (economy,
 merger, dissolution, etc.), and interest/disinterest/defuge in
 relation to maintenance.


culture - remembrance and communality + (history of interactivity)
elaboration: organism - culture occurring 'all the way down,' with
 internal/external memories/storage/data-processing/quantum and
 molecular, etc. memory and communality inhere. emanent - relation-
 ship of external (organic) or internal (digital) mind to avatar
 _steerage_ (which is intentional).
consideration: mind inhabits organism inhabits mind; inherence is
 primordial, backgrounding. there is a complex relationship between
 this inhabitation and issues of health, disease, death, etc. - issues
 that simultaneously reify and parcel the body, and a turn towards 
 moments or places/spaces of body (pain for example) that call for 
 tending. there are qualitatively different tendings for organism and 
 emanent; it is a matter of time before they coalesce.


negation - circumscription of an other + (avatar interactions, 
 game physics)
elaboration: circumscription sends the other to the pale; structures
 gesture and language, transforms ikonic into indexical. 
consideration: semantics of avatar boundaries on a subtextual level;
 semantics of organic boundaries on the supra-textual. the latter is
 ikonic, the former, indexical. (perhaps there is no place for the
 symbolic in the midst of emanents and organisms.)


consumption and excretion tropisms (energy flow)
elaboration: evanescent organic life as abject spew, continuous
 breathing. a stationary emanent requires no energy; a stationary
 organism continues its tropic behavior.
consideration: nature of the tropism, energy-seeking, pollution-
 fleeing. direction of emanent irrelevant; energy comes from external
 steerage.


variegated metabolic processes (chemical, quantum, atomic)
elaboration: striations and differentiations within organism. 
 epistemologically, organism transforms internally and externally
 from horizon to horizon; emanent possesses epistemological
 equivalence (substance) and differentiation occurs in syntactics.
consideration: herbert simon's nearly decomposable hierarchies;
 differentiation in organism occurs on the level of the phoneme.
 emanent and organism meet on the plane of semantics, sememe.

-- absorption and excretion
elaboration: or circulation, necessary for organism, and only for 
 emanent in the sense that mind requires circulation (as do
 computers in terms of cycles, energy-flow, etc.). 
consideration: note in all of these instances we're considering life
 in terms of the _metabolic,_ flux-processes, remembering, identity,
 recognitions, tropisms, negations, perceptions.

-- reproduction 
elaboration: organisms most often self-reproduce through one or 
 multiple generations; emanents do not. organic emanent minds do
 but not electronic emanent minds, do not. 
consideration: reproduction is not necessarily a constituent of
 life - dreams of the loch ness monster point in another direction.
 and there is always the exhaustion, punctum, of the 'last of a 
 species' or reproductive pool, which is becoming more and more
 common. say that reproduction temporally smears the organic while
 identity spatially restricts the organic.

----- carrier image (reproductive plan, layout) + (template)
elaboration: reproduction is haunted by the organism to be, whether
 template or internal processes.
consideration: with organism, reproduction is always already uncanny;
 with emanent, reproduction is canny. with organism, internal and 
 with emanent external, steered. the emanent is always already
 hallucinatory, which is not to say inexact or 'unreal'; its model
 and modeling are elsewhere. let us say that the emanent is freed
 from reproduction but an emanent class is bound to steering mind for
 continued existence.


maintenance of interiority
elaboration: what goes on inside, stays inside, is maintained inside.
 for organism this includes temperature control (or adjustments to
 non-control); for emanents, this again is a matter of contiguity at
 best.
consideration: wounds close, bruises heal, diseases disperse; there 
 is an ideal at the back of organism, backgrounding organism, as if
 primordial (and when i use 'primordial' here, i mean nothing meta-
 physical, only primitives, backgroundings, against or within which
 everything else occurs). nothing immediately with emanents, but a long
 time ago, in irc (internet relay chat), netsplit would occur, and
 members of coherent communities would be cut off from each other -
 there would for example be two, not one *love channels. it would be
 of interest to think through the metabolism and political economy
 of irc channels and channel communities as organisms.


biome and niche maintenance (immediate vicinity cleanup)
elaboration: what happens outside the body of the organism, more or
 less in the immediate vicinity (think of potential exceptions such 
 as albatross or plankton, bring them into the model by including
 mobile niches, evanescent biomes). emanents also tend to control 
 their immediate vicinity; sl avatars will have a 'home' teleport
 site, will fly to a certain height, will be admitted or not to 
 restricted territories (and may create restricted territories of
 their own). 
consideration: mobile niches within evanescent biomes are of great
 interest; they reflect the potential of taz (temporary autonomous
 zones) and extend the concepts of home and territory - the latter
 might be considered a personal niche, and the former, that biome
 which provides a necessary degree of comfort for its species and
 occupants. different species may connote different biome 
 definitions which overlap and are displaced from 'human geography'
 and its defining characteristics.


contiguity of body or bodies + (substructure of sheave-skin)
elaboration: organic body held together by skeletal (internal and
 external) structures, skin and muscle, etc.; the sheave-skin held
 together by parent-child relationships and restrictions on size
 and angle. contiguity is complex with sheave-skins; importing a
 bvh file into blender requires hand-setting the parent-child
 relationships, and motion capture models permit extensions and
 topological remodelings of these. generally organic bodies are
 topographically defined; there are physical restraints to size, etc.
 while emanent bodies are topological, once 'set' into structure by
 node assignments. again, the latter reference external steerage.
consideration: this external steerage of emanents is mapped in
 various ways - through mind and gui or other interfaces, through
 virtual reality interaction software, through software itself which
 may operate emanents autonomously, so that the emanent becomes 
 nothing more than an output display of a program epistemologically
 other. of course this may change in the future; there is no reason
 why emanents should not be autonomous and locally-so, so that 
 steerage, communication, etc., is part and parcel of the emanent
 software, integral to it, inhering. 


regulated, homeostatic communication
elaboration: organisms and emanents are nodes, channels, transmitters,
 receptors, codes, encodings, decodings, part-objects and their per- 
 ception, skins and sheave-skins and their perception. to the extent
 that regulation occurs, cohering semantics emerges; to the extent
 that noise or parasitism enters the systems, transformations and
 possible mutations occur, beneficial or destructive, possibly inher-
 ited or not (and the latter, with emanent mind-steering, becomes to
 some extent an issue of conscious choice).
consideration: one begins to approach a _plasma model_ within which
 forms flux, and flux forms, stases are imminent and always in the
 process of forming and dissolving; memory is primordial (in the
 above sense). 

-- internal and external + (between mind and emanent)
elaboration: internal processes are homeostatically regulated in
 organism; it is moot whether such occur in emanents except to the
 extent that _emanents are inherently part of the gamespace, do not
 ontologically exist other than as gamespace._
consideration: external communication - one might bring issues of
 data-bases with both organism and emanent, steerage, community and
 individual memory, community and individual hallucination, etc. it's
 here that language comes forth as the mutual orienting of cognitive
 domains (maturana); while one might speak of the cosmos as languaging
 and only languaging (epistemologically and ontologically), one might
 also conceive of languaging as ikonic in terms of the primordial,
 the thinging of language, or language grounded (as in electronic
 grounding) in things. in this sense, language is literally an after-
 thought, shape-riding.

-- emitters and receptors (within and without organisms)
elaboration: sm (sado-masochist/abject) maws/fits/misfits,
 the contradictory transformed into the contrary or wayward.
consideration: emitters and receptors are in-line, online, bought
 into line vis-a-vis codings. without emitter and receptor interfaces,
 languaging doesn't happen; one might think then of emitters and
 receptors _themselves_ as ikonic languages, so that sign-flows are
 fundamental (but not symbols or indices).

---- emitter and receptor codings (entranceways and exits)
elaboration: entrances and exits but also molecular or protocol 
 structures, sm touch/scent/contact. information must obey etiquette,
 otherwise it's noise. etiquette touches on the aesthetics and
 efficiency of coding. _coded emanents have no code_; their code is
 external steerage, subtextual beneath the surface, in the dis/splay
 of sheave-skin.
consideration: it's important to think through analog/ikonic and 
 digital/indexical here. organism code is ikonic to the extent that,
 for example, dna coding _is_ molecular, while emanent code is
 indexical since to some extent programming languages are interchange-
 able, they're teleologically drawn-out to steerage goals, and they
 form/construct a performative layer which runs the emanent directly.

---- domain orientations (tropic turns towards energy, communication 
 potentials)
elaboration: organisms are tropic, turning towards, away, or skew-
 orthogonally; emanents are tropic through camera positioning (without
 the camera, emanents are invisible, non-existent, which are not equiv-
 alent) within the aegis of mind.
consideration: cameras move emanents as residue, dejecta, abject stain
 on occasion blocking the field of view. 


pollutions and abjections (body disposal, chemical slough)

-- purifications and expulsions
elaboration: this operates on the epistemological if not ontological
 dichotomy described re: kristeva, douglas, etc. organisms are channels
 and flows; the flows channel, and the channels flow. the abject is
 integral to organism, just as purification and expulsion may be 
 integral to emanent.
consideration: this may be far too simplistic, but it's a step at 
 least. when the true world is considered, emanent and organism are
 interpenetrated, intermingled, formed and in/formed together at the 
 limit.


emanents and avatars inhere, cohere, mishmash, spew, emit, slur, slough, 
intermingle, interpenetrate, within the true world, they are true-world- 
ing, in a sense mind-only, but only in the sense that steerage is always 
present, from language through metabolic process through retinal process- 
ing, immunological defense systems, heartbeat, hormonal maintenance, soft- 
ware updating and replacement, membrane filtering, and so forth. this is 
_not_ life force, but inherited and inhering organization in relation to 
reproduction, within which the carrier image is but a dream, our dream, 
our presentification of the future anterior.

(elements marked + pertain in particular to emanent/avatar process. note
that in the above, 'emanent' and 'avatar' are to some extent equivalent, 
although the latter is mostly reserved for entities within second life
and other online/offline 'virtual' worlds.)



this ungainly one.

over a half hour at top speed, I wanted to see what happens with extended 
improvisation bound to permanent rhythm. with a rhythm of steel ferrules. 
hot notes beckoning. what happened that I saw was severe carpal tunnel in 
my right wrist and elbow. it was close to impossible for me to play this 
fast for any length of time. so i thought; now my hand and arm shake with 
jabs of pain. you can hear this occasioned at 

the other Lowery have been removed to make room for this ungainly one.



the kiss


the kiss the touch of life and death
darling give me your last breath
i'll place my lips against your skull
and marrow swoons and all is null



and void against the gristeled grid
your lips my bones construct a lid
that turns self-slaughtered in the wind
o emanents please let us in


the chest and groin


among sites hidden nightly from one another
are chest and groin, no matter what bother
one sticks to, male or female blend,
and chest and groin come to untimely end

a hand moves, fingers, thrust and throb, then silence
death hangs tattered on the scanner's fence
gender falters in ungainly weather
somewhere worlds collapse, one's metal mother



sorrowful the intervention of death


sorrowful the intervention of death
mournful community, the horizon continues briefly, then desolation
tears of martyrs of kenya, darfur, small witnessings in forests
sorrowful the finality, how i claw at death
how i cultivate my tiny death, caress my intervention
before you i am going, after you, following and the forests
and the forests and the imminent cliffs
how sorrowful they are


the next group are smallscanner modifications with artifacts, moving
towards the extremities of the software's ability to coalesce with
the dream of the real. the triangular protrusions are similar to the
catastrophic jumps visible in the motion capture videos. 

here thom's semantics of catastrophe theory, his linguistic primitives,
are more than useful. code at the limits turns to prey.



spirit


spirit lurid speaks lured through me
lured me sprite exalt breath pinned-down
sprout more murmured light begone me
up foregrounding wine-dark sea
and red-dark sea through cells her gown
jeweled inside and beside me dim sounded
surge upwound again and urgent ecstasy


and violent ecstasy



Messay: The Mess of the True World


This text is culled from an outline of current work prepared for my re- 
search group at West Virginia University (Virtual Environments Laboratory, 
Center for Literary Computing), Morgantown, WV. Questions dealing with 
substantive content were taken in the order they appeared, and embedded in 
the following m/essay. Topics again center around issues of the 'true 
world,' emanents, medical and other modeling, avatars, organisms, know- 
ledge and its management. The relative disorderliness reflects the disord- 
erliness of the world, or so I hope to believe - not an inherent defect in 
messay style.


 what does it mean to be in-carnated within the real/virtual/
 true world?

Carnated/carnal/knowledge - We could begin by introducing the true world, 
the world of mind in relation to ontological/epistemological shifting. The 
true world is primordial, in other words backgrounding.

..."however, we use the word [_materialism_] in its dictionary definition 
of _embodiment,_ in contract to _mind._ Thus, virtual reality, as dis- 
cussed within the art literature [...] is materialist, regardless of 
whether this experience is _real_ or _illusory._ Mental constructs, on the 
other hand, are nonsensory and so have no material existence." Paul Fish= 
wick, An Introduction to Aesthetic Computing, in Fishwick, ed., Aesthetic 
Computing, MIT, 2006. In this sense, the true world is materialist; how- 
ever I would argue that mental constructs cohere with the sensory, that a 
fundamental entanglement exists. For example, love or hate create sensed 
bodily transformations, mathematical thought creates the sensation of per- 
ceived 'symbol-clouds,' and so forth.


 what are the edge-phenomena/plastic and static limits of the body?

The limits of my body within the true world are the limits of my world; 
here I include ontological shifts such as mathesis, semiosis, emotions and 
the like. Given the limited bandwidth of receptors of all sorts, and the 
limitations of mind (for example, in thinking through the appearance of 
the eighth dimension, calculating, speaking non-native languages, etc.), 
thought and the true world are based on extrapolation - the _gestural_ - 
as fundamental being. (See Tran Duc Thao on the origins of language.) The 
gestural follows quantum non-distributive logics (see the early experi- 
ments by Land on color vision), not Aristotelian distributive logics; this 
being-in-the-world is partial reception of part-objects transformed into 
inherency through gesture. All organisms have this in common.

The _plastic_ limits of the body are the limits of body-inherency, whether 
'real' or 'virtual' or other category - the limits of the image carried by 
the jectivity (introjection and projection) braid. The _static_ limits may 
be considered formal-measurable limits, whether in one or another space.


 of the geopolitical body? of the political-economic body?

As soon as one brings domain-extrapolation of the body into play (i.e. 
sexual body, material body, imaginary body, natural body, and so forth), 
cultural nexus is paramount, and the body itself moves within theory as 
phenomenological token or punctum.

And as soon as one brings variegated ontologies and epistemologies into 
play, analysis becomes a mush/mess/mass or miss. Terms slide against 
terms, carrying enormous overdetermined histories with them - but these 
are the only histories there are.


 what are the signifiers of bodily arousal/violence/meditation?
 how are these constituted within the true world?

Herewith bee a liste of signes, or some such. But where is the arousal, 
violence, meditation, if not brainward, wearing the exposure, softening, 
hardening, quiescence of the body which simultaneously is foregrounded and 
absenting. In terms of emanents, the signs are symbolic; one calculates, 
applies them. In term of organism, the signs are ikonic, upwelling. The 
brain manages none of this; the brain manages, is managed - everything 
becomes a mess as inquiry tangles uselessly. It's this uselessness, this 
nexus, that is of interest - an analytical failure in the close-rubbed maw 
of the world.


 readings: what does it mean to read the real body? the virtual body?

One might begin by considering language as fundamentally ikonic, that 
within the preconscious ('repository' of syntactics, short-term memory - 
another metaphor) language is clothed, associated with the true world. 
Language then is structured like the unconscious, and the unconscious does 
not necessarily splay the real. Bodies, organic and emanent (and 'organic' 
references the machinic phylum as well), inhere to mind, minding, tending, 
a posteriori interpretation and hermeneutics. Reading the body is embody- 
ing, is against the background of incarnation. Sheave-skins need not react 
or appear to sense as organic skins; the feedback is often visual or 
aural, not proprioceptive. Within the jectivity braid, this is an epistem- 
ological issue, not one of fundamental locus. On the other hand (real or 
virtual), one can abandon the emanent; abandoning the organic is deadly. 
Proceed backwards from this, from the irretrievable, intolerable, finality 
of death, and reading bodies, and bodily risk, become wildly disparate. 
Nevertheless both inhabit the true world, mind inhabits both, albeit often 
in qualitatively different manners, depending on ontology.


 what are the ontologies and epistemologies involved here? 
 ontological status of the so-called virtual -
 Schroedinger's cat paradox and collapse of the wave function as model
  for simultaneous analogic/digital readings -
 seeing through microscopy (tunnel, scanning, optical, etc.):
 are ontology and epistemology equivalent at the limit?
 (are analogic and digital equivalent at a parallel limit?)

What difference does it make? Begin with the mess, with the corrupted 
reading of whatever consciousness has placed there, on the page, the rock, 
the emanent body, the organic body. The last carries ikonic signs, 
simultaneously indexical, pointing out the mute history of the being. If 
there were only readers of everything! If only the book of nature existed! 
The Ladder! Great Chain of Being!

Ontologies occur in local domains, rub raw against each other, problema- 
tize each other. Who decided this one or that one as primordial? What's 
fundamental is the mixed mess, the braid. At least as far as we're con- 
cerned, the braid.


 internals and externals, static/dynamic. remnants of the visible 
 human project, gendering of the visual/internal 

Human skin under the microtome, sheave-skin burrowed into by camera 
position. Here is the necessity of Madhyamika, co-dependent origination, 
depend co-origination, braided mind, image, imaginary, entity, real and 
virtual within, inhering to the true world. Striated, variegated trans- 
formations characterize life; the Visible Human Project transforms 
organism into emanent, habitus into data-base.


 comfort, dis/comfort, ease, dis/ease, hysteria and abjection/fluid-
 ity (laycock's 1840 essay on hysteria, kristeva, chasseguet-smirgel)

Clearly the abject lies within the primordial, the braid is braid of 
dissolution, corruption, decay; definitions flux in relation to the 
constricted passing of time. Organisms flood themselves, emanents decay 
with their corporations, software updating, diminishing dreamtimes as 
elders die off. Hysteria is convulsion, but also spew, contrary and 
wayward, the refusal of the body, just as death is such a refusal and 
catatonia. Do others refuse the body? Use it? Reuse it? Are sheave-skins 
exchanged? Does political economy depend on aegis?


 dis/ease, hysteria, and so forth of emanents

Dis/ease, etc. may be modeled; turning the emanent towards abjection is 
necessarily a conscious decision. The hysteria of emanents is the hys- 
teria of the steering mind. Proliferation of emanents, duplications and 
other hacks, may be considered a form of hysteria. But hysteria is on the 
surface; emanents which are autonomous or semi-autonomous agents may exist 
the full range of symptoms, generated from within, without external 
steering.


 medical model and technology

A medical model implies internal flows, striations, identities, vulner- 
abilities, immunological defenses, maintenance and so forth. Emphasis is 
on the cohering of parts, membranes and molecular channels. Organism runs 
from within; emanent runs from without. An emanent may be defined as _an 
image or apparition whose body and mind are elsewhere,_ an entity that 
exists in relation to the jectivity braid, and has apparent, but not 
genidentical, identity. Of course the organic body itself is genidentical 
only to a limited extent.

One might say then that both ontologically and epistemologically, _an 
emanent exists within data-bases or other entities spatio-temporally 
distant from the visual or other residue._ What we see is surface, but 
surface from both within and without. _The dissection of an emanent image 
is the result of camera angle._


 psychoanalytics and technology, psychoanalytics of emanents

The psychoanalytics of emanents are two-fold: the psychoanalytics of mind 
steering, and the internal psychoanalytics of the machinic phylum. Or 
three-fold if the former is also embedded within/embedding the psycho- 
analytics of organically-embodied mind. I would begin with Freud's 
metapsychology, since it's illusory clarity allows the possibility of 
equivalence, attribute classes, and the like. I would attach this model to 
one of drives and instincts dealing at least in part with homeostatic 
maintenance (which I have covered elsewhere).


 analogic and worn emanent boundaries

How does the emanent wear? How does it wear the analog? For an emanent to 
_wear,_ an ontological shift must be crossed, the wear occurring in hard 
or flash drive, in the material world of atoms and quantum probabilities. 


 edge / boundary phenomena - physics and psychophysics of the game-world 
 edge in second life

Psychophysical remapping of (motion, behavior) steering phenomena. What 
else to say here? Camera views must be independent of emanents; they move 
beyond, behind, below the sheave-skins, constructing visual feedback of 
morphed transformations. For a moment nothing is autonomic, everything is 
relearned. But there are asymptotic behaviors and motions at the edge of 
every game-world, behaviors simultaneously permitting approach and refus- 
ing escape. The game-world edges harbor autisms, palsies, deconstructions 
- chatterings which take on the guise of everyday life, just as everyday 
life elsewhere within the game-world might well take on these chatterings 
as style or news from afar.


 phenomena of the sheave-skin and sheave-skin internals

Sheave-skin externals read as internals: anatomical mappings within Poser. 
First that the visual mappings are just that, indexicals, residue, from 
codings, reports from another frontier, that of the software processes 
themselves. Second, I have pointed out elsewhere that sheave-skin and 
environment, visuals, all exist within the same ontological habitus; the 
split is between this habitus and deeper discrete or digital processes. 
The split is absolute ontologically, constructed epistemologically. If 
there is an Absolute in sheave-skin or game-theory or game-world, it's 
this ontological split which even a representation of software processes 
cannot penetrate: from electron-movement and process configuration/deploy- 
ment to visual/aural/tactile/etc. appearance - the gap is permanent, 
imminent, and therefore uncanny.


 phenomena of medical models in relation to edge/boundaries

The medical model is for learning, for analogy of surface to surface. The 
medical model requires a (human) viewer. Any dissection into the substance 
of an organic body results in exposed and constructed surfaces; interiors 
always lie elsewhere, revealed by X-ray, MRI, and so forth.


 edge phenomena in literature, codework, mathesis of the text

In a sense all writing is edge, phenomena of the edge; writing exists as 
surface, sheave-skin, emanent. Inscription coats the orgasm of things, 
constructs both things and orgasm, wryting into the body of the true world 
helter-skelter. Codework in this regard is mute, ikonic; code and text 
scrape one another, none dominant, both structured and structuring.


 generalization of edge phenomena into the dialectic between tacit
 knowledge (polyani) and error (winograd/flores)

At the edge, the world is manifest between lived experience and corrup- 
tion, between trial and error, between inhering/cohering and construction, 
between dwelling and building. into the forest of error, where does the 
body go? From the edge, one can look back or down, into the windows of the 
comfortable houses across the street - if one still has the capability of 
sight. Is the edge sharp? Does the world cut? Is the edge equivalent to 
death, both blank, beyond, both miasma of theory and practice? Think else- 
wise of the possibilities of worlds of closed manifolds or recursions, one 
repeatedly returning, to something in the vastness of space or mind. and 
then think, what a construct, what comfort, and to what regard, what proof 
or results, what Signs?


 what constitutes worlds? constructing?
 world of the text, inhabitation/dwelling/building (heidegger,
 dufrenne)

It's too simple to insist on worlds cohering, or that within their do- 
main (ontological, epistemological), there is closure. One might say that, 
for all intents and purposes, worlds are nearly closed, that blurred boun- 
daries are distanced, rarely in evidence. The construction of worlds is no 
more or less problematic than the construction of anything at all. A world 
is characterized by inhabitation; a world is a homing.

The world of the text forgets its coding, its double-coding. Without that 
forgetting, erasure, the text is anomalous, problematic, non-cohering. The 
willing suspension of disbelief begins within the absence of will; will 
returns when the text ends or fails.


 what constitutes the true world? worlding?
 'true world' in which lines/angles are 'trued' (affine geometry),
 'true world' in the sense of 'trued' phenomenologies within which
 virtual, real, and ikonic are blurred and interpenetrating, somewhat
 equivalent, and within which traditional epistemologies of symbol/
 sign/signifier/signified/index/ikon etc. break down (kalachakra
   tantra, jeffrey hopkins)

'Worlding' references ongoing inhabiting and making of the (true) world, 
inhabiting memory, making and dwelling in memory, the truing of the world. 
All worlds are not true worlds, all true worlds are worlding. ikonic signs 
inhere within the true world, reading bodies (organisms, emanents, approp- 
riated, misappropriated) are ikonic, true world, the body stands for 
everything and nothing; ikonic, the body stands in for the body.


 'reading' underlying (substructural, configuration files, guides)
 organization of mocap/scan through surface phenomena
 (and the relationship of this reading to waddington's epigenetic
 landscapes)

Oh, one has to read the cinema I produce, held taut through diagram and 
substructure. Reading here involves decoding, retaining the decoding 
against the memory or remembrance of absent code. There are epigenetic 
landscapes of decoding, tendencies and tending of the true world sending 
the reader one or another wayward or contrary way. Landscapes lead toward 
coagulation of landscapes, tethered desire of inhabiting an other. We 
can't let go of ourselves, even to read; we huddle, in order to write.


 who is world? communality, consensuality?
 the problem of other minds and the problem of consensual other minds
 (group hallucinations, vijnanavada, dwarf sightings, ufos, etc.)

We can't answer this. We can't answer this without further future know- 
ledge in terms of mind. We have experienced, at least once, the connect- 
edness of mind, but to generalize from this is problematic. I have no 
doubt of minding the world, minding the world of minds. And that one time 
may well have been untoward coincidence. Certainly "who is world?" is a 
proper question to ask, emanent and organism alike entailed. And certainly 
we are all emanents, and certainly we receive differently from different 
skins, tissue-skins, sheave-skins, molecular-membrane-skins, one-pixel- 
thick-skins, true world of inhering/cohering skins. It is not communality 
or consensuality that beg definition, but their absence: what cause the 
illusion of individuation, the lived discrete?


At this point, defuge sets in, the intolerable directing of the messay 
increasingly turns towards entanglement; nothing is answered or accounted 
(nothing is accountable). What to do but abandon the true world to a 
certain trembling at the edge - an edge which increasingly moves towards 
an unknown center (the real edge where damage begins). And what to do but 
abandon this attempt at another accretionary formation or inscription, 
living in the world as-if there were a certain human, if not organic, 
order. As-if is the pleasure of our senses and disfigurement of slaughter, 
as if these were speakable between the axle and the rim (the spokes, too, 
have their gaps). Let it go. Do let it go.

electricks


Why, Hello Julu! And so good to hear from you! Yes, this is a theme that 
has occupe ied me for days and days , most of them recent. For example, 
what were "electrical recreations" and more to the point, what might one 
say about the relative simplicity of the apparatus used for them?? Metal, 
the material world, puckers and withdraws, all is spheres and spikes. Ah 
but conditions or situations, environem ments, material ecologies, the 
very splay of the real? In such a fashion
 metal declares itself.Yes, and how you have filled out these many years, 
lovely Julu! Thus de uring the era of steam-engines and diplex telegraphy 
- and one must remember that the most of the nineteenth century ran on 
batteries, not electrical outlets - during this era, electrostatic 
generators were constructed of nothing more than rods, circular plates, 
god knows what else...The illustrations of the time for the most part 
indicated what? Young women, such as ourselves, in touch with metal, 
standing on stools with glass legs, carefully applying dischargers with 
rubberized handles, it was as if the real were out of contrl---Or Until, 
dearest Julu, one mght speak of that sudden discharge, the orgams sm, the 
sudden exaltation of teh he spirit, for we might have concluded then, that 
spirit itself were inhabiting the world, a kind of ectoplasm of the 
metallic. Matter spoke and no one listened.However (as our words and arms 
entwine), it's as if there were a surplus that couldn't be contained - the 
experiment of electrocuting the dog for example, or creating the semblance 
of hydrogen/oxygen explosion. Which surely is why the models were young 
women , with the demonstrator male, the demonstration of the male, 
dis/splay. , which is why we are torn together as one, sundered together, 
across electronic ab barriers, 

which surely are the remnants of those electrostatics, those "electrical 
recreations" as we would have them ourselves...

