
Sarah Bernhardt

http://www.alansondheim.org/jelly53.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/SarahBernhardt.mp3

Preparing for the Cave - Azure's Sarah Bernhardt song



Viola, Stockhausen, Infinite Space

http://www.alansondheim.org/caveviola44.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/violastarcave.mp3

The viola was coupled to the floor, fed through a standard 
instrument mic and vibration meter; the latter's track was 
amplified; my movements were coupled to the three-dimensional 
tunneling surrounding me in the Cave. Thanks to Kathleen 
Ottinger for stunning visuals, Azure Carter for videography, 
and the Brown University Cave. I channeled Stockhausen, I 
channeled cries and whispers, everything through the viola in
this one take. The sound, the music, is something I haven't
heard before; I've taken the right track, which was stunning
and I dreamed of the bow coupled to the viola, replete with
cries and whispers. We worked for hours, produced new video,
audio, and stills; we used radio, Alpine zither, and viola;
we recorded everything, even the secret transmissions of the
equipment itself.



Sarah Bernhardt Video Cavern

(use stereo separation)

http://www.alansondheim.org/caveviola54.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/SBfinal.mp4 (Cave video)
http://www.alansondheim.org/cavviol11b.mp3 (audio)

Azure Carter, song and performance
Kathleen Ottinger, graphics
Alan Sondheim, the rest of it

Echo echo Sarah Bernhardt, she is effaced by the century of 
wonders, almost vanishing, a few minutes of voice, all
knowledge and all wonders disappear, echo echo, disappearing
wonders, the voice of Sarah Bernhardt, a few moments of voice

Divine! The Divine Sarah Bernhardt! The Jew! It's True! Really! 
against the cold bone, the words from Sarah Bernhardt's 
ululations Sarah Bernhardt meets Edison (from Bernhardt, My 
Double Life): Sarah Bernhardt had a 17 inch waist. I would say 
she had a "daemon." Sarah Bernhardt would sing and her voice 
rose in uncanny ululations shoulder. Sarah Bernhardt is in this 
room with me, and she leans - no - she's unknown to her, is seen 
has a precursor to Sarah Bernhardt. She too was The last thought 
of Sarah Bernhardt, against the cold bone, the words from Sarah 
Bernhardt's ululations - Sarah Bernhardt bangs on the doors of 
sound and movement and Sarah Bernhardt is Sarah Bernhardt 
presence and nothing less will do for Sarah Bernhardt. Sarah 
Bernhardt screams and nothing is heard. Sarah Bernhardt walks 
across the stage and nothing is seen. The biochemistry of Sarah 
Bernhardt dies with her. Broken is the DNA of Sarah Bernhardt. 
Sarah Bernhardt knows everything is blurred and scratched. 
Everyone spoke of Rachel and everyone spoke of Sarah Bernhardt. 
There are these Jewish women, Rachel and Sarah Bernhardt and Of 
Sarah Bernhardt it is said, you should have seen her. The 
remains of Sarah Bernhardt whose face barely graced the cinema, 
Sarah Bernhardt screamed and clawed and Sarah Bernhardt is 
silent The scent of Sarah Bernhardt has disappeared. Rachel has 
also. You should have seen Rachel. Of Sarah Bernhardt there are 
famous photographs. Sarah Bernhardt holds still and is frozen 
and is absolutely still. Sarah Bernhardt writes and her writing 
is still. Sarah Bernhardt turns as if she is about to speak. She 
begins, Sarah Bernhardt is screaming and she is silent. The 
voice of Sarah Bernhardt is amazing and it is said one cries and 
is driven mad by the voice of Sarah Bernhardt. Rachel and Sarah 
Bernhardt have disappeared. Sarah Bernhardt is silent. Sarah 
Bernhardt would sing and her voice rose in uncanny ululations,

Sarah Bernhardt is in this room with me, and she leans.
Sarah Bernhardt is in this room with me, and she leans.
Sarah Bernhardt is in this room with me, and she leans.

wonders, the voice of Sarah Bernhardt, a few moments of voice
wonders, the voice of Sarah Bernhardt, a few moments of voice



Backstage at the Cave/rn Resonant Event

http://www.alansondheim.org/caveviola33.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/caveviolapic.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/righthand.mp4




Sickness, Seeks Advice, Wood

http://www.alansondheim.org/theykeep07.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/qqq3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qqq1.mp3

Help! Here are my symptoms - slight sore throat, always, 
accompanied by a hoarse voice, wheezing, difficulty breathing. 
Chest congested and chills, feels like flu, but my temperature 
lowers slightly, doesn't raise. Muscle aches. Head feels 
'thick,' sometimes headaches, migraines. Coughing and dizziness. 
The exhaustion is terrible; I have to force myself to do 
anything. My doctor in Brooklyn ruled out psychosomatic, thought 
it might be a low-grade anti-immune issue. But that comes with 
its own problems in terms of treatment, and it's probably not 
correct. I can hardly function some days. It's worse when I wake 
up or nap. I've had this for years, but it's been getting worse 
recently. My energy seems low and I'm just frustrated all the 
times. Writing this to see if anyone has any idea what's going 
on. It doesn't seem to be connected with depression (which I 
have), but it adds to it. Sleep broken up as usual. Played two 
qin pieces today; if I stop playing, my muscle memory will 
dissolve. There's a lot of memorization involved. I spoke to a 
friend who plays qin; we discussed how the weather affects it. 
My older instrument becomes much more resonant; the newer is the 
opposite. I tend wood, work in electronics. We just received 
copies of my latest release, which should be announced any day 
now - Cutting Board, from ESP-Disk, with Chris Diasparra and Ed 
Schneider, with cover images from the work we've done in the 
Cave; Kathleen Ottinger and I are on the cover. The titles of 
the songs are from the elements. There are a number of duets and 
trios; I also have three solos - electric guitar, qin, and sung 
lisu. I no longer have the sung lisu, which I traded in; now I 
realize how beautiful it sounds. But I have enough to play at 
the moment, and the qin are beautiful. One piece (above) has two 
instruments played together; the other has one, recorded from 
beneath, in a rather dry manner. But seriously, if you any idea 
what might be hitting me (it's been here for years), would like 
to hear from you; you can write back-channel. My medical care in 
Rhode Island isn't good, and it's almost impossible for me to 
see my doctor; instead, I'm shunted to nurse practitioners who 
don't know what's going on and don't have the time for it. Here 
at home I feel dysfunctional some of the time, and I shouldn't 
be; my tests all come out fairly normal, but I haven't had a 
real checkup for fourteen months and I'm not scheduled for one 
until December. I don't want to lose the next three months or 
anything beyond that, I'm worried about my health. The album is 
terrific, I think, and in November we're having a double release 
party for both Avatar Woman and Cutting Board. But what if I 
can't play? At the moment I'm still more or less at the top of 
my form, but November is a long way away. I continue to work in 
virtual worlds but haven't been able to see my way towards the 
purchase of a Kinect and software, which are quite expensive; as 
a result I rehash the older behavioral/animation files. On the 
other hand, we do well in the cave and I realized just this week 
that, being unaffiliated, I tend to work furiously in short 
spurts when I have access to things, and then proceed later with 
the files; the last Cave session for example was three hours and 
I'll be dealing with the files, now, for a week or so, producing 
new video, audio, images, and so forth. Today, for a second 
example, we attended a steam engine event in East Greenwich; all 
sorts of stationary engines were fired off; I made video and 
audio and these will appear, again, in new work, most likely in 
MacGrid. I work like this, jerking around, and maybe this too is 
wearing me down, but the symptoms listed above are always the 
same, sometimes worse (as now) sometimes better, but, like my 
tinnitus, always there, so again if you have any suggestions or 
something similar please do get in touch; I'm at my wit's end 
(which is an expression, not a geographic topos).



Resonant, Wave, Waving

http://www.alansondheim.org/caveviola30.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cavewave.mp4

I imagine what it's like to be a spiritual leader.
Here I am revolving with the earth and sun and moon.
The galaxy is too far, murmurs otherwise.
Turning inward, what a new trip, I bring you along!
This must be what wood is like in its being wood,
growing at a resonant pace, wave in the turning
world.

My arms are a swarm of starlings, murmuration.
My mind in the ease of the swarm.




perfect focus, perfect concentration, perfect world

http://www.alansondheim.org/steam13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/waviola.mp4 (with image)
http://www.alansondheim.org/waviola.mp3 (without)

colored lights. the whole mandala, the male and female deities 
of the mandala-image? certainly not symbolic; while elements 
represent, the mandala-image itself stands for nothing, mandala 
= manifesto = mantra = maquette = marvellous = masochism 
suddenly dreaming mandala-meaning criss-crossing the desperation 
of space, such as the liminality within the sculptural mandala 
in the cavern, avatartist scent-mandalas / what passes for 
vision in physical world seated / your defiled-sheaves / your 
scent-mandalas / your avatartist / your scent-mandalas / your 
vision / your world / your scent / your tissue the deaths 
scent-mandalas avatartist what scent-mandalas passes what 
sheaves defiled-sheaves gnawed cloaked the deaths scent-mandalas 
avatartist what scent-mandalas passes what vision passes in for 
physical vision malnourishment mandala manifesto mantra maquette 
Marvellous masochism malnourishment = mandala = manifesto = 
mantra = maquette = marvellous =

these images, non-mandalas, no premise of a virtual 
malnourishment mandala manifesto mantra maquette marvellous 
mashup dissolved treated quality wondering languor lassitude 
constitute mandalas tantra...mandala is impression of feet 
hevajratantra - panchatantra constructing deity, mandala 
illusion emptyparticle tantra...mandala tantra...mandala 
obdurate, video, video-telephone, suture, surgery, mandala, 
mantra, life, emptyparticle mandala



Production Labor: Radio / Kathleen Ottinger Slab Drawing

Radio Emissions from the 3d Virtual Environment Computers

http://www.alansondheim.org/caveviola37.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/radiocave.mp4

Drawing Labor: Color Slabs: Kathleen Ottinger

http://www.alansondheim.org/labor2.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/chatter.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/caveviola13.jpg

Azure Carter, Kathleen Ottinger, Alan Sondheim
Brown University Cave
GE analog 7-band radio circa 1972



visuality, Seurat

http://www.alansondheim.org/worldarch.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/worldarch.mp4

electric tour starts with a walk though the ornate entrance arch 
o'er a deep blue circulating a long arch across realms one can 
never reach. Belowfollows the parabolic arch of tool-making, 
reification, into and out of that place, where an arch says, 
excite. It needs, the force of a body occurs, the arch refusing 
to succumb to universal law, denying the body its right to 
caress the matrix from which it has emerged. The arch is. But 
the arch is a bridge; water flows beneath, against the sub-pods 
The arch of the sky fell ninety degrees, flat against the moist 
darkwaves lapping a luminescent shore. The arch broke through 
the GAMING SPACE ASSETS DOMI arch archiving... Let's Twist (was 
grouping such multitude --prior{grouped columns} arch three more 
columns ating stupid digital transform. deep circulating arch 
realms can never red, a stupid digital transform. \ deep blue 
circulating a long arch the arch of the sky fell ninety degrees, 
flat against the moist dark freaking arch Prospect Park, Hebrew, 
Aram? IBM Selectric, electric But the arch is a bridge; water 
flows beneath, against the sub-pods The arch of the sky fell 
ninety degrees, flat against the moist darkwaves lapping a 
luminescent shore.

ter as third-personal, the space of visuality; and the former as 
second-skull begins to register; a roar of visuality deafens the 
babyhood of the screen, is inherently voles,

violation virginia virtual virtuality visions visual visuality 
voice creation intransitive visions, visuality, visuality as 
philosophy, philosophy as visuality

body-subjectivity and the visuality of the virtual is deeply 
entangled. subjectivities aesthetic dancework de anorectic 
subtext voles visuality biomorphic deerflies commodification 
visuality voles subtext anorectic de anorectic subtext voles 
visuality commodification deerflies biomorphic dancework de 
anorectic subtext voles visuality subjectivities aesthetic 
dancework de anorectic subtext visuality because maybe all we 
can do is

register; visuality deafens babyhood infantilism, corners, 
skulls, registers, roar of visuality deafens the babyhood 



naiadmaenadblood, dancemoon 

for diamanda galas

http://www.alansondheim.org/naiad03.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/naiads.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/naiad09.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/naiad13.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/naiad15.png

naiad nervousavatar neutrino oscillation

the demon is the maenad the secret is the demon is the maenad = 
maenad = magatama = Maitre = Maitre's = malnourishment = to 
persevere, endure, maenad-dance of self-devouring, maenad-music 
of the maenad feeds, hungers for repetition, desecrates it (the 
repeated the demon the demon the demon is the maenad the secret 
the secret the secret is the demon is the maenad

lurid lute ly m maenad magic magnetic majid make makes making 
malign man machinic = Madhyamaka = maenad = magatama = Maitre = 
Maitre's = maenadism and other dance/ecstatic rites, hypnotic 
displays, neurasthenia, lamina nub sac pubic maenad reinscribed 
foregrounded jabbled unentangled LOL lpmud ludic machinic 
Madhyamaka maenad magatama Maitre Maitre's maenad dreams

ispell b zzbak rm ww cp yy aback f lurid y m maenad magic 
magnetic lumber4 lumber5 lumber6 luna0 luna1 luna2 luna3 lur1 
lur2 lw4 maenad
the demon is the maenad the demon is the demon is the demon
is the maenad
the secret is the demon is the maenad
the secret the secret the secret is the demon is the demon
is the maenad

neutron decay is the maenad
neutrino oscillation is the maenad



Vac

http://www.alansondheim.org/vac.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/vac.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/vac.mp3

mp4 sound = mp3
Cave, Kathleen Ottinger, graphic
Azure Carter, videography
Alpine zither
use headphones, bass, stereoseparation, use anything

they envelop the universes in vac and origin and denouement, 
thermophilic envelope universes vac denouement suffuring 
suturing mourning,

Vac is the sound of the amount of the one.
What is not one, is zero.
What is not zero, is one.
What is not zero, is zero.
One is not a quantity.

"A quantum is perfectly determined as a _number_ [_Zahl_]. 
_Geometry,_ by contrast to _arithmetic,_ is the science of 
continuous magnitude. But, in order to determine a space, we
must make use of number, Number is perfectly determinate because 
its principle is the one. The principle of number is the 
totality, which is the one. If we begin with one [as our unit], 
we may view it as consisting of a thousand parts. Our one has 
many ones within it, and it is thus designated as an _amount_ 
[_Anzahl_] of the one viewed as the unit - it is an amount of 
some unit. An amount is a contained manyness of ones - all 
contained by a border. These many ones have a common _oneness._ 
A number contains both discreteness and continuity: many ones 
and their oneness."

-- Hegel, Lectures on Logic, trans. Clark Butler.

What is not zero is zero (in addition); ontology hasn't come 
into being, no one cares. Care creates the one, 'look here.' In 
play, here, the world moves, harmonic analysis. But perhaps I 
create myself, 'look here.' (See as well Peirce on the continuum 
as a collocation of intervals.) Perhaps this looking slides, 
hands slide, sound slides. Sound does nothing; either everything 
or nothing is sound, either one or zero. Or nothing.



Yahrzeit

http://www.alansondheim.org/yahrzeitb.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/yahrzeit.mp4

the original text occasioned by my mother's death, exigencies
of mourning, transformed by Azure and that Time of the Year,
and the words somewhat lost in the Cave and the machinic, here
unmodified, you can picture desolation, and the iconography
of meditations near and far, co-present with the sound and
machine

sing-along, modified from:

texts/lt.txt:(what i stumble towards)

(what i stumble towards)
(what i have wanted to describe)
(what is indescribable)
(the tendency of my work)
(what characterizes philosophy: "philosophy has no regard")

the thickness of the world
the idiocy of the real
when there is death, the interior of a world disappears
there are details, one can see this in any past
the smell of a kitchen, the paint on the edges of the chairs
do the chairs need repainting
certain parts of the backs are worn, he sits there, she here
there's a sound they make, different sounds, pulled in and out
the dulled reflection of the chairs on the floor
when they were new
when they began to disappear, the last memory of the chairs
the light on them from the window, sounds of rain on the window
how high the backs above the table, their reflection on the table
the food, when the family may have been together
familiality, familiarity
when the chairs were comfortable, when they were turned
when we turned them facing one another, or moved them aside
when one of us left the room and the chairs were moved
fly in the window's interior
from the chair, tree outside, smaller then, different neighbors
sounds from the street coming in

the limitlessness of the world, its thickness
over and over again, peering around the corner
there is the world in uncanny, unaccountable, fullness

there is no theory for this, this inaccessible description
every explanation, there are heuristics, things glossed over
not the things of the world, but their fallen worlds
all worlds are fallen for that matter
all worlds encompassed with this thickness, inertness, grain
untheorizable, hardly memories, reconstructions, reconstitutions

with every death, it is a matter of ethics, this disappearance 
  of worlds
with every death, loss of world and history
with every death, redistribution of materials, severed ties and 
  limbs

i return constantly to this in my theorizing, this loss
no degree of technological recuperation works in this respect
no quantity of text or discourse plays the slightest role
what is re-presented is always already 0/1, infinitesimal

sometimes in a dream there is a horizon of what is gone

it's almost present, not really, you begin thinking of something 
  past
you're thinking, it's almost present, almost on the tip of the 
  tongue
it's never there, it's not even problematic, controvertible

i imagine paths through the world, turning beneath the chairs 
beneath or around the rungs of the chair or the four brown 
  wooden legs
paths opening up to interior surfaces opening up recursively
stains beneath the seat of the chair, cobwebs connecting rungs 
  to rungs
the smell of the varnish on older paint, flat faded white shown 
  through
paths moving among senses, spectra and bandwidths
paths moving from generation to generation, imaginary paths

paths of the scraping of chairs, people leaving for the very 
  last time
paths of chairs pulled in beneath old new people eating, 
  conversing
laughter, crying, screams, whispers, talking, singing, filling 
  the air

chairs of first and last times, inconceivable speculations
inconceivable principles, axiologies, hypothetical, hypotheses
not, no ideas but in things themselves
not, the last or second-to-last of the ox-herding pictures
not, the grain of the real
not, the practico-inert or materialist or idealist foundations
not, tat tvam asi or fundamental or surface negations
not, the interplay of signs, sememes, sign-systems
certainly not that interplay of signifiers, semiotics, 
historiographies
nothing that "might be said" to characterize, capture, 
  recuperate

something of absolute disappearance, annihilation, of trace 
  turned ash
something of charnel-house, but that too has paths, worlds, 
  traces
traces upon traces, perhaps i remember 1968
perhaps i remember 1945, 2003, perhaps i remember 1789
perhaps berlin, ankara, grise fjord, kurume, providence, katmandu
perhaps street, street-corner, room, field, forest, cliff, lake, 
  tarn
perhaps you, perhaps another, perhaps others
perhaps events, occurrences, what happened, what happens

those anecdotes without endings, well what did she say, what was 
  next
receding into pasts, backgrounds, irrelevancies of the present
but never irrelevant, always equidistant, equivalent, always 
  inert
and present and unaccounted for and present and uncountable
and present and unaccountable, all we can theorize is this,
collapse of description and uttermost alterity

the being of which knows no regard, is obdurate in the world
i'd write this, this error of philosophy: 
   "philosophy has no regard"
of which is the condition of speech, language, any and all 
interplay

*

so that i tend to produce, reproduce, overproduce
moving among media, modes, representations - this is all so 
  futile
an attempt to pull back from death, from constitution
or somewhat of a release among interiority and world
negation gnaws at doors and portals
chairs and chairs, or wood, or institutions of chairs and wood
or ideologies or constructs: one crawls, lifts on the back
stumbles to the feet, totters, almost gets it in the air

*

the thickness of the world
the idiocy of the real
nothing in a seed but seed
nothing obdurate but always in a corner or path

everywhere the thickness of which "philosophy has no regard"
what has disappeared and for whom and by what means
what constitutes the disappearance and the world which 
disappears
what is death "in this regard"

who or what, or what of or with writing, what of the 
calligraphic


**




full cave radio

http://www.alansondheim.org/caveradiospec.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/caveradio1.mp3

AM emissions picked up on a GE analog short-wave
radio, from Cave computers, screens, projectors, and
assorted, during the last Cave session. The tracks 
were cleaned up with hiss removal; what you hear is
the heart of the machinery, oddly reminiscent of La
Monte Young or somebody. These have a remarkably
calming effect, something all of us could use at the
moment.




the dead


http://www.alansondheim.org/thedead3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/thedead.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/thedead1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/thedead2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/thedead4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/thedead5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/thedead6.png

their names"Wa,"et.).(G"Wa,"et.).[Iatheatethetd
t-aate,atethe    deaththe,ehh,tat,theet,
the    ethe    e,theeted,ttheded,tthededDthe
    haee?DeeadSaIateeeae,thetthe    ;I"
haeee,the    eeIteadIaththe    adIthe    
tadteteaadthetheted.It'ehtaethe    .The
    aeeaed.Ftheheahthe    tteaNaStae;the
    We,Iaaeethe    attheh.NaStae;the    
We,Iaaeethe    attheh.Pahthe    eeaeehe
aated-REALMOREREALTHANRJ45:the    heheeeete.<
>atte.    athe    ^B<^B^B>^BTheat-Thedtatthet-
athe,theThe    haeeeeadVISION,aethhthe    h
teeASCIItet,the    aeASCIIette,Aa.theeaththe
    eathdtthe    ;tthetetatethatdteaadt
thed.Ia'tea.Theteaeteethe    adthede-    .It
taada,hadadeeheeadtaethe    .aeeae,eeae
tCettheeedhtIhthe    ahead,hteade-aeht.
Thedtatthet-athe,theaethhthe    hteeASCIICe
RJ45:the    heheeeete.tet,aethe    tthaea
aat.aed.Ftheheahthe    tteae.Adtheethethe
thetheheahahthe    tteae.Adtheethethethethe
heahthe    .Adtheatatheee    .thehaeeaate
tatattheI'tathe    ;I'aeadateat,tthedethe
    ,thaatt,e-atathea,theatathea,theathata
the,ade"eae"atheeeeeaathedeet,teadedete
ttee.Reeeahettaeatth,add,theatat.the    -
ethdeathada.the    ae.dWaWhetheaeetthe    .
ad_daat-t_ethe    deeeehattheadt-aate,a
tethe    dtthede,Dee,Je-detPahthe    eea
eeheaated-Ithe    te,Idtetaetdethe    ,
thaatt,e-    $$eeddeddeda,the    eeat'e-e
de,adthedeathe-the    eeat'e-ede,ad    e,
thataeeededttheeeetthe    :_a-daea    the
death.YhaetthethhtI'de    at    ,tthe    .Fa,a
,aada.Yaea    .theatat.the    -e    -eth
deathada.    -tthatheethe    a_edet_;hate-
ted-ethe    theee    .adeath,a    .athe    d,
    .dad    .d    :the    ,the    ,the    .d
th.e5,    .theeaethe    theeaethe    ththee
aethe        ."ANDRAAAeetat:I'tathe    ;aead
    :    ."heehateaedatdeath:thatatdeath:tet,
theehaetthedeath:thatthhaetthe    ,e,tethe'
eaatee.IeAdhee,,thedethe    .eaeadeat,
aeeeeteedet.It'thaatteeahaet,thateea
e,aeatteeeeNthAeaadeehee,atheheae
theeteeeeehattheaeetat'aee(athhteeeee[
tte]eeetat);t'theathatheetheehdeeaett
the    eeat'e-ede,adthedeathe-theee,aathate
tedtheaetadteteae.tdd'tatttetht,dd't
haetethethe    aetheaaethethe    ethe    ha
ttheeaethatet,a,aaaeaa"taee"aadthtae,
theetetedeta/eeetheOtheadtheSae;tee'aeea
dea,attehhdaddedtt,eeteetheWhatthe    ae.ate
the    */Utthe    et,adahee./*etheeetthee
ate,thaetthe    +++deaththethee+,hathaeetheh
eahthe    .athe    d,Ftheheahthe    tteae.A
de-theete,tthe    te,tthededJe.deChtathe
    Chtthe.t'etddthathadated.theettheaet
the    ea1031.theee.Adtheethethethetheheah
the    .Adtheetheheahtheea,eeaeetthe    .
It'ehtaethe    .The    aeeaed.FtheheeathIt'
ehtaethe    .The    aeeaed.Ftheheahthe    
ed;Iateededadeeed;thedtheeadtheethe    .I
atthedheadthehdt.Theteehe,teteattthe    
ad,eeedtheahee./*he,t'tthaeaate.ha-ae,
hadedtthe    thee-theaeetthe    .thetaet
death,haehaeee,the    eeee,aathathaettheth
htI'de    atdeath,e,theehaetthe    adeteha
tedtet-aeeeaaeteteeaethehadheeht.Seth
ethat,hateeadthedthe    haeedttheheethetPhta
hthe    tthe.Fhateeat,d-(the    )*theaheethe
tPhtahthe    tthe.Fhateeat,d-(the    )*thea
t,thattheehaetthe    .adeath,e,theehaetthe
    dedtt-athe,thetNedad,Saethe    ath,ee
taeteathe.taeteathe.Aa.thehtaethe    htae
Aa.theeaththe    taeteathe.TheeaedeaIhaea
ett'ea.I'ethe    .Id'tttae,hdeathaddea,
thedaata,the    ata...AdththVISION,tea"h"ed
/th/thtthehadeateatththet.(Thhetatdtt
te.)athe    d,adtheatthe    Theaatettheaad
thetthe    deeae.Theehtthe    .adeath,e,thee
haetthe    .thadedeaethe    ,t;the    deIta
aetteatethe    ,tdethe,teaAdththtadea(aea
aeedeeadthedeae,eaededatehe,daeaaeta
hedadhda.Iatatthet-athe,thetatdetthe"a",
hhthteadeatethete;teedeeadeaetatthe
    e,thataeee"thhaetthe    "heehateaedat
tee.)Itaeat,hee,aeattattheIteet,eeeee
dthetethAetedthe    tadteteaadthethWheth
eaeetthe    .thdeathada.the    ae.th-the'ea
hed<<dthe    >>httedtheaheaeaeatheedathe
    adtheaaed"thhaetthethe    (G"Wa,"et.).
Jta"ahttea,theedhaeeee,"thethe    add
the    addthe    addthe    addthe    addthe
    addthe    aeASCIIette,AREALMOREREALTHANthe
    ahead,hteade-the    ,the++++++the-ae.Ththe
eatthe    a'ttate.the    .the    .Adtheethehea
hthe    .the    .ThatIeetheeeeadtheaethe    .
the    :ateeatheeetatthe    .eeeadeeththe
thethedeathe-death,e,theehaetthe    deaththe    
thedeath.Ytheeeetthe    :a-daeaaeeedhaeet
the    ,adtheaeettheethethethetheheahthe
    .Adtheetheheahthe    .Otheea.(Iat,deat
aedeedaattteateatatdt,hhhaedthetteae.Ad
theethethethetheheahthe    .Adtheetheheah



Spewn

http://www.alansondheim.org/bridgetoelsewhere.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/spewn.mp4

'spew sliced' = information spew - moil, sourceless = ... 
spectre is spew of eyeballs and armbones spew of skulls and 5 
the semiotics of emission and spew replace the semiotics of 
signifiers 6 emission and spew transform vector into flow and 
flow into turbulence < something escapes CONCENTRATION PLANET < 
nanotech spew > disordered >> irreversible spew of cellular 
automata is codework, all the better if But what is spew here, 
its construct? CONCENTRATION PLANET < nanotech spew > disordered 
arrays < CHECK AB CHECK Dissipation in the sense of spew or 
emission, and dissipation in EDGE-INVISIBLE, to the 
LIP-INVISIBLE, the body-colored spew flowing with Emission is 
smooth, integrated; spew is harsh, digital, diacri- God implies 
emission, spew implies, what? psycho-physical processes, thick I 
am a dirty factory. I am industrial. I spew poison. I am in a 
losing war with form, spew contained by protocols, arroyos I am 
lost in miasma, too many shapes, my eyes take or spew barely in 
Is there a meditation here, emission or spew that is sourceless 
except for Julu Twine was tuned and retuned; the particle spew 
was moved from abdomen Mostly from clotted skysphere spew 
paralleling solar surface phenomena: My spew of eyeballs and 
armbones spew of skulls and thread-bones spew of Packets spew 
into the space, absent themselves past any conceivable RIGHT NOW 
a spew of the symbolic stutters the form of the So that the 
brackets implicate the spew right from the beginning; what's The 
distance is _impossible_ as sounds spew from the mouth; what 
creates The narrow defiles of life and culture spew down among 
natural death. The spew continually crashed; I'd bail out of the 
transfer, start over; Then to cover up, create a roar, slough, 
spew intermittent from cycling There's a spew that emerges, not 
for example such as the following: Betty Where there's emission 
/\ spray /\ spew /\ spawn /\ slough /\ swamp /\ Your detergents 
spew of eyeballs and armbones spew of skulls and against the 
corpse of sex, the messy spew of death. wait almost all of them 
spew and interfere with vision, movement, sound. already spew - 
as read, is edited down, cut into, etc.** always exhausted. If 
emission is the order of pornography, spew is the an emanation 
from spew to emission. Heidegger's got the shape.) and shakes. 
Everything moves jerkily if anything moves at all. The spew are 
simulacra of vents or smokers, and true to form, the emissions 
spew assassin-killer. beautiful-laureate of sir alan doesn't 
know that spew is back the spew as in Sartre, the obdurancy of 
it, an existence trans- because the letters spew forth alost one 
by one by one and it's hard to begging. My words spew on the i 
hope they die of painful but if you sit on the platform, you 
generate particle spew energy. but if you sit on the platform, 
you generate particle spew energy. but is set-aside as 
slaughter: but is set-aside. Productive spew fills cleansed 
hairless emission spew replace presses breakage irruption 
ciation clutter, although it may be cluttering; spew is always 
clutter, coherency in the beginning - spew can be considered 
flux into flux coherent. An EMISSION is sourceless, a net flood; 
a spew is the net on combustion engine. I speak of spew and 
emissions - of signifiers which contestation copula thread-bones 
spew of bbaas and bbaas and earnose spew continues because the 
spew requires no intervention. The world is static. core dump 
<--> spew - but not defuge - not impinging on the psyche - 
electrically- mediated relationships. stutter discusses delay 
spew brief emission or spew - the dissipation of materials after 
chemical or nuclear emission or spew that is sourceless except 
for (in spite of) the corners emission spew convolution 
languaging inscribing trauma inconceivable emission spew replace 
virtual engged spew of letters, grateful slurry of pollen, 
encapsulations, discre- eyes take or spew barely in others, give 
connect dots digital from crags and split-swollen engorged spew 
of letters, oh grateful! slurry holding everything together. Im 
always begging. My words spew on the i circle myself i spew my 
self i am myself information always already spew - as read, is 
edited down, cut into, etc. information spew - moil, sourceless 
= everysource Speaker says, information spew read, down, into, 
etc.** itself.** ing instance, are a result of symbolic spew 
into spaces vacated (as if they into praxis, spew becomes 
clutter. The imaginary of emission is pornography; irreversible 
spew of cellular automata is codework, all the better if the 
lake. Scribblings spew on; what isn't carried through the wires 
or elec- line, self-same or similar, a spew so far endless, 
origins non-existent, lings and linkages and the whole spew of 
topographic metaphors might best links, the dismembered parts 
are dismembered packets, the symbolic spew malleable, a spew 
interpreted as symbols. Here is the moment of creative meanwhile 
virtual bodies pile up or spew in virtual debris memories of 
trains - cinders and soot spew forth from an absent mo to ! spew 
! so ! much ! Your ! time ! and ! mine ! is ! wasted ! by ! 
nikuko at 19: storms, ye shall never escape! know me! i will 
spew water of smell thread-bones spew of bbaas and ties cordons 
aa aas cyberspace on my small land in the sky and it does spew 
and I fear for desecration. or spew barely in control, but then 
things flickering in and out of the perhaps, or the slight spew 
of afterbirth. perhaps, or the slight spew of afterbirth. 
precisely by those noisy channels which, parasitic, spew culture 
in other- productive spew fills way hindering emergence me. 
follows cold. cats curb, resonance; noiseless, integrated; spew 
harsh, diacri- constructs. scripted object, particles spew out, 
carrying the same text as the objects scriptions up above. And 
this constitutes the spew of narrative that cons- significance - 
abject spew of the lack - neither this nor that - not both spew 
of eyeballs and armbones spew of skulls and thread-bones spew of 
sprea emit spew targetless broiling then phenomenologies stale 
tale a swatch watch a switch witch a spew pew a cum scum a 
slight state material transformation transmission reception 
other malleable spew swollen engorged spew of letters, oh 
grateful! slurry of pollen, encapsu that be wonderful. then the 
spew that suffocates me will glow like jewels that. This spew 
isn't original, even work. There's writing the body-colored spew 
churning and moving just to limit, EDGE-INVISIBLE, the exist 
from the theater...that it is an emission or spew from the thea- 
the real is spew - continuous one-to-many / many-to-one mappings 
- the symbolic spew or flux continues indefinitely, harboring 
the user then whose spew is it, well most of these things come 
from the land this _is_ an end, the spew drying, coagulating as 
I have said that it to spew so much. Your time and mine is 
wasted by the likes of assassin- tumors Writers circumscribed by 
irreversible spew cellular turbulent spew or emission of the 
latter - which is inherently vectorless vectors destination; 
spew wider emission, implies sort violent, full of sulphur spew 
- i can't think - miserable, mesmerized were covered in sweat, 
spew and bodily secretions. which spew yes as usual but provide 
dance/performance e-poetry poetics words sputter or spew across 
the screen, apparently in relation to the write either and I'm 
too self-absorbed to notice that. 



Available now for pre-order -

Cutting Board - New ESP-Disk CD Release! PLEASE SHARE!

We have a new release, already available for pre-Order!
Cutting Board contains 13 pieces, including three solos
and ten tracks with saxophone by Chris Diasparra and/or
Ed Schneider. I'm really happy with this - the music is
intense, often raw, amazing energy, and really in its 
very own space. Please consider ordering and supporting
this music; please share this announcement!

http://www.alansondheim.org/CBcover.jpg
http://espdisk.com/official/catalog/5004.html
http://www.alansondheim.org/ESP5004.pdf

ESP 5004

Artist/Title: Alan Sondheim with Christopher Diasparra & Edward
Schneider: Cutting Board
Catalog #: ESP5004 UPC: 825481500425
Release date: October 29, 2014 advailable for pre-order now!
Genre: "Experimental"
List Price: $12.99
Contact: steve@espdisk.com

Track Listing:
1. Xenon 5:38
2. Argon 7:35
3. Neon 3:18
4. Krypton 2:21
5. Helium 6:44
6. Carbon 5:15
7. Silicon 5:37
8. Oxygen 5:36
9. Nitrogen 4:18
10. Germanium 4:16
11. Platinum 5:02
12. Iridium 9:53
13. Cobalt 4:18
Total 1:09:51

The release party for this album will take place on November 12 
at JACK (www.jackny.org), 505 12 Waverly Ave. between Fulton and 
Atlantic in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn. C or G train to 
Clinton-Washington.

Personnel: 

Alan Sondheim, ghichak, cura, chromatic harmonica, Chinese mouth 
harp, saz, tro so, electric saz, sarangi, sung lisu, ukulele, 
qin, electric guitar, flute

Christopher Diasparra, tenor and baritone saxophones; 
Edward Schneider, alto saxophone

Bio: Alan Sondheim (www.alansondheim.org) was born in 
Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania; he lives with his partner, Azure 
Carter in Providence, RI. He holds a B.A. and M.A. from Brown 
University. A new-media artist, writer, and theorist, he has 
exhibited, performed and lectured widely. His band Ritual All 
70, whose debut The Songs (Riverboat, 1967) was reissued by the 
Fire Museum label, was included on the notorious Nurse with 
Wound list of outsider/avant-garde influences.

Overview (excerpted from the liner notes):

Sondheim is the first artist from ESP-Disk's 1964-75 heyday to 
return, since it was revived in 2005, to issue an album of new 
material on the fabled label. Sondheim joined the roster with a 
1967 session, Ritual-All-7-70, then followed up with 1968's 
T'Other Little Tune. Sondheim got his musical start as a 
guitarist, but soon moved into a much more original sound 
utilizing a vast array of instruments from around the world. 
Cutting Board, his eighth album, is his first instrumental group 
album; his other albums have always either been solo (and there 
are two solo tracks on Cutting Board as well) or featured female 
vocalists. Though he's a pure improviser, Sondheim rightly 
insists that he doesn't play jazz; even playing with two 
saxophonists, he's outside that tradition's spectrum. The 
eclecticism of the sounds he's working with sonically can 
tenuously seem to connect him to world music, but he doesn't 
play the instruments in traditional ways. And on rare occasions 
you can hear the blues lurking, but it's not likely that Living 
Blues will be putting him on the cover. Maybe if somebody starts 
a music magazine (or website) called Beyond Category, then 
Sondheim can be a cover subject.

Press Quotes:

Of Ritual-All-7-70: "...if there is a concept here, its 
extremely simple: you never heard such sounds in your life."  
Clifford Allen, Bagatellen

Of Avatar Woman: "...be prepared to listen to universes growing 
and collapsing within their sound worlds." 
disasteramnesiac.blogspot.ca

Please consider ordering Avatar Woman as well, from Public
Eyesore records (also produced 2014) with Azure Carter! Please
see http://www.publiceyesore.com/catalog.php?pg=3&pit=123

Thank you!




bridge to elsewhere

http://www.alansondheim.org/maw.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/maw.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bridgetoelsewhere.mp3




tintinabulation, steam, qin and qin

http://www.alansondheim.org/steam03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/tintin3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/tintin4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/tintin5.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/steam23.jpg

rune     ttypb     3:11am     1      2	/net/u/10/d
|intintint|o to to t|he he he |sinsinsin|gleglegle| ey 
|thethethe| wo wo wo|rldrldrld| do do do|wn wn wn |
|intintint|o to to t|he he he |sinsinsin|gleglegle| ey ey 



steam

http://www.alansondheim.org/steam01.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/steam02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/steam.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/steam.mp4

the quiet meditation of stationary steam engines
-- almost silent, the 25' Corliss was running
quickly and barely audible.

one of the recordings is short-wave, at roughly
the same frequency; you can hear the whistles in
the distance. so which machine was generating a
signal?

the whisper of steam, hydraulic force, heating
elements at a distance, a star or log, as the
world slides against itself; I think of this as
a cascade of intervals.



s/crawled

http://www.alansondheim.org/nature02.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/crawled.mp4





Cascade of Intervals

http://www.alansondheim.org/whelk.jpg (channeled whelk)
http://www.alansondheim.org/whelk.mp4 (channeled whelk)

Peirce's continuum, spread-out, multi-dimensional,
everywhere intervals, tessellations, cellular automata,
nothing calculated, striations, shift-riding media
surfaces.

Intervals as subsets or transgressions of intervals,
intervals as porous or dynamic; whatever is constructed
is always already under erasure, literally forgotten, 
compressed; Adorno's aphorism is the kingdom of the 
spew and the forgotten; the turn of the aphorism is the
content of the future.

It's impossible to hold back, think, in a fast-forward
dis/continuous morphing circuitry that is not delirious
or where delirium corrodes dis/continuously.

Wittgenstein's TLP was characterized by reduction, yes,
but also dispersion, not-this/not-that; today it
bypasses the narrativity of PI, and that's important in
terms of a phenomenology of dissipation and limited
resources.

The painful move is the recognition that history too
has limited resources, that historiography as well is
a study of dissipation, that blankness characterizes
this dissipation, that history is the locus of reading,
not writing.

Cascade is always in flux, garbage, and irruption, none
of the conceptualism of category theory, more of the
massiness of big data in feed-forward mode. 

Unruly cascade always breaks off, seeks like-minded
lower levels, gathers dust it's kicked up in cycles of
conquest, corral, release, losing it.

Can one think of the universe in this fashion? Does the
cascade seal off, expand, fissure, divide? Are the
divisions similar? Is fissure self-similar? Are the
divisions entities? Are entities defined by symmetries
and potential wells? Are potential wells entities? What
are the commonalities of potential wells? Are they 
referents? Are they tethered cascades? What are
entities? Are entities under erasure? Are protons? Are
cascades built on a foundation of rubble? Is rubble 
cascade? Granularities?

Are there ways to think of this or through this, ways
to short-circuit the deluge of metaphors? Are metaphors
useful as parallels or inherently violent? Are cascades
violent?

I think of the collocation, cascade
-----of
