==


Background as Performance

http://www.alansondheim.org/churnchurn.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/churnchurn.mov

chug chug kick kick chug chug kick kick

(A post sent to empyre, modified here.)

Some recent news headlines -

ISIS uses beheadings, other violent acts to crush civilians, UN report 
says Newsday - .5 hours ago. UNITED NATIONS -- Beheadings, stonings and 
mutilation are common weapons of terror employed by the Islamic State in 
its campaign to subdue civilian populations that have come under its 
control in Syria, according to a UN monitoring group. Islamic State sets 
sights on Saudi ArabiaBBC News New UN report shows "relentless assault" on 
civilians in ISIL-controlled SyriaXinhua. Hong Kong student leaders 
blocked from taking democracy fight to Beijing Reuters - .1 hour ago. 1 of 
3. Hong Kong Federation of Students leader Alex Chow (C), committee 
members Nathan Law (L) and Eason Chung react after being refused to board 
the plane at the Hong Kong International Airport November 15, 2014. 
Nigeria insurgents retake village of abducted schoolgirlsReuters Africa 
Boko Haram seizes town kidnapped girls are fromSydney Morning Herald

- And this same ground repeats itself, day after day, night after night, 
no longer events or news, so much as a background of horror. Then what? A 
serious question: How can art, art performance, performance, heal, help 
one make it through the day, inspire one, against this background of 
continuous performance, where everything, lives, cultures, languages, are 
at stake? We watch other species world-wide going extinct (the rate is 
something like several an hour), we find ourselves on the verge of a 
planet so violated that the environment (cultural, global) might well 
collapse (yes, into something else) within the century, and we perform? 
And then the horrors take over again.

I think of this background of horror as a performance of horror, as an 
ongoing performance that now seems an inherent part of the world.

A second background performance - that of the 'buzzing' of the Internet of 
Things - the fast-forward increasing transparency of the objects and 
processes of the world. There are data flows everywhere, and both data and 
horror, digital and abject-analog, coalesce in hacking/cyberwar, and its 
effects. See http://map.ipviking.com/ for example - I've been following 
this site for a while, and the tribulations of Hong Kong come through 
clearly.




Rosemary Mayer, 1943-2014

http://www.alansondheim.org/soyer.jpg

Artworks: Alan Sondheim, Vito Acconci, Alan Davies, Martha 
Wilson, Eric Andersen, Allan Wexler, Rosemary Mayer (paper 
samples), William Louis Sorensen, Didier Bey, some original, 
some copies Watercolor by Rosemary Mayer for Alan Sondheim 
fairly 1974 Rosemary Mayer; loft Take yourself, said, do... 
drawings warned Vito, said. pest, Dara Birnbaum, Rosemary. 
control, desire changed; 1974 Around this time, I remember 
living off and on with Rosemary Mayer; presented at St. Mark's 
Church (influenced by Rosemary Mayer), Two Suites 1974 Rosemary 
warned me about Vito, that he wasn't as good a friend as he her 
the same about me, told me the same about Rosemary. Acconci was 
always 1975 Rosemary Mayer and I split vowing to remain friends. 
It didn't remain her the same about me, told me the same about 
Rosemary. Acconci was always Mayer, Rosemary Mayer, Mike Metz, 
Ree Morton, Dennis Oppenheim, Adrian Lucier, Bernadette Layer, 
Rosemary Mayer, Mike Metz, Ree Morton, Dennis with Rosemary to 
get closer to Vito and Vito had told Rosemary I was told her the 
same about me, told me the same about Rosemary. Acconci was 1975 
Rosemary Mayer and I split vowing to remain friends. It didn't 
Birnbaum, told her the same about me, told me the same about 
Rosemary. Menjou shellina Winkler lizsolo Mathilde Rosemary 
Veliz Starshine Halasy 1 painting of Rosemary Mayer and Alan 
Sondheim, by Raphael Soyer, 1975, On Rosemary Mayer, Arts, 1974 
125 painting of Rosemary Mayer and Alan Sondheim, by Raphael 
Soyer, Bose Research Research Kusek Eiseman Rosemary Rosen 
Rosenberg Joseph fairly 1974 Rosemary Mayer; loft Take yourself, 
said, do... drawings found, Rosemarie Mayer Sondheim, painted 
R.jpg Rosemary Mayer, myself, 1974 Around this time, I remember 
living off and on with Rosemary Mayer; presented at St. Mark's 
Church (influenced by Rosemary Mayer), Two Suites



Short interview about the Blue Tape *


http://aaroncutler.tumblr.com/post/102914166319/blue-tape

* Kathy Acker and myself 1974

- by Aaron Cutler

This doesn't take much time up.



World-wide Weaving

http://www.alansondheim.org/www0.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/www1.mp3 Dydo, Sondheim, qin
http://www.alansondheim.org/www2.mp3 Sondheim, short solo qin
http://www.alansondheim.org/www3.mp3 Dydo, qin, Sondheim, flute

Stephen Dydo, Alan Sondheim
Stephen is brilliant on the 2 and 3; I'm gnarly as usual
On 2, I have a short solo (Stephen was out of the room)

I dedicate my part of the music to Lionel Messi and his hat
trick breaking the La Liga record and then some!

And dedicated to Stephen, who has taught me so much!
And to Azure on her Birthday!



Repetpetition Compulspulsion

http://www.alansondheim.org/spewspew09.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/murkmeat.mp4

like any other illness, a compulsion to write, to rectify, to 
bring down force majeure, an "irresistible compulsion" within 
the ligaments and ten- hardly a memory, something on the order 
of repetition-compulsion, perhaps is my compulsion, and if I 
don't feel I've completed work for the day - the compulsion has 
to be be coupled with necessity, the 'natural' continuation, 
repetition, the neurotic compulsion to repeat, is essential; 
these force majeure, an "irresistible compulsion" within the 
ligaments and tension - compulsion. The narrative of and through 
the gap is an addictive one, primeval, drawn out of the 
compulsion to speak the spell or rite that will exhaustion of 
it. the drug the addiction the obsession the compulsion of and 
type into the night; it's my compulsion; it's my obsession, my 
like any other illness, a compulsion to write, to rectify, to 
bring down sive compulsion to return again and again to the 
terminal as a guarantee the hysteria is brought about by a 
neurotic compulsion which cannot else. i have to leave my mark 
everywhere. i recognize the compulsion. i write about the 
compulsion and against the compulsion. i'd like to see bush 
dead. his compulsion ruins the world. i see my ugly is my 
compulsion, and if I don't feel I've completed work for the day 
- The compulsion has to be be coupled with necessity, the 
'natural' hardly a memory, something on the order of repetition- 
compulsion, perhaps wryting spews through sexual fantasy, 
obsessive thinking, compulsion spews through sexual fantasy, 
obsessive thinking, compulsion, again always is my compulsion, 
and if I don't feel I've completed work for the day - 
repetition, opens mad, driven repetition, and of compulsion 
Fifth, feet, repetition The avatars of or no compulsion part 
tion, his compulsion ruins the world. i see my ugly looms. do i 
need feeling you're seduced i'd bush dead. his compulsion ruins 
disint like any other death, compulsion to write, to like 
neurotic-obsessive compulsion mirror-stage which transforms,
problematically, to a compulsion to return again and again to 
the terminal as a guaranteed reterun, again and again.



Wood!

http://www.alansondheim.org/nny119.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/msoud0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/msoud1.mp3

returning from NY, finding the humidity below 20% and all the 
instruments untuned, even with a large-output humidifier going.
so tuning up again - violin, oud, the sazs, suroz, gambus, all 
were wildly loose and luckily nothing cracked. the oud has been 
the most difficult to tune up again; at one point the twelfth 
(unused) peg fell out and I jumped; I thought it had broken. I'm 
now trying to adjust wood and string, keep the qin happy, set 
the humidity as high as possible in this dry place in a dry town 
(even though by the water), keep the temperature low, anything 
so I can stop running around like crazy, resetting the pegs, 
worrying the string tension, etc. tomorrow it's the hasapi and 
suroz, and that will leave the cranky bowl-backed mandolin for 
the last. meanwhile here are two oud solos, each played with the 
oud in a different position (traditional, or with the soundboard 
upright), each trying something different. with the dry air and 
the air dry, with the dry dry air, it's difficult to keep my 
hands from slipping, the oud from slipping, the pegs from 
slipping yet again, and so here we are; msoud0 is even a bit 
lyrical, a relief from the mourning music I often produce. msoud 
= Maurice Shehata oud, the name of the maker, the oud originally 
from Dubai.

I would play wood! I will play wood! I would play wood!
I would play wood! I will play wood! I would play wood!
I would play wood! I will play wood! I would play wood!



Cyberwar against St Louis / Ferguson

See images below:

A Missouri grand jury has decided not to indict Ferguson police Officer 
Darren Wilson in the August 9 shooting death of Michael Brown, prosecutor 
Robert McCulloch said Monday.

The incident became a flashpoint for racial tension in the St. Louis 
suburb; Brown was black and Wilson is white. Brown's father and others had 
called for calm ahead of the grand jury's decision, which comes amid 
concerns over the possibility of violent protests.

http://www.alansondheim.org/Ferguson1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/Ferguson2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/Ferguson3.png





Lament Suroz

http://www.alansondheim.org/sarindaskin.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/lamentsuroz.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sarinda4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sarinda1.jpg

  The stait of man dois change and vary,
Now sound, now seik, now blith, now sary,
Now dansand mery, now like to dee;
  Timor mortis conturbat me.

(Lament for the Makaris, William Dunbar)

for all of us, incessant


Inflation

http://www.alansondheim.org/inflation6.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/inflation.mp4 [video]

http://www.alansondheim.org/inflation1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/inflation2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/inflation3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/inflation5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/inflation7.png

An anomaly in my sims in the reconfigured MacGrid: my avatar
flies indefinitely over the ocean, passes by a landmass named
as mine, continues flying for kilometers, the land is still
given as mine, mine, mine, there's nothing there, just blue
water/s, she flies at high speed, dances above the water/s,
this continues for twenty minutes, I compress the results, I
know this is the inflationary regime of the universe borning,
no end in sight, all within the aegis of the proper name, an
amazing, beautiful glitch unforeseen! A wonderful world of 
water, featureless land receding with water/s a-borning ...




mounding

http://www.alansondheim.org/mounding2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mounding.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/mounding1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mounding3.png

the act of building or constructing a mound, or meditation
on a mound, or calming meditation, dreaming, lying upon a
mound, or imagining who was buried beneath the surface, and
wondering about surfaces and mounds and their depth, or
who were living and are they living still, a slow depth and
a slow life, a slow calming, and a slow, slow dreaming

tasmania crawled across the debris at the basis of the georgia 
mounds. trouble, a mound. it not, my lord, do it not. climb the 
mounds of ancient ruins and walk trouble, a mound. was executed. 
this mound was built in her memory. the square stone design 
nearer the window bend backward open yourself remember your 
swollen mound mound and sunlit ray. i have no desire but to 
learn. you will teach me. my writing i'm up god no valleys in 
god no mountains in god no mounds shell i told you inside no 
country anywhere anywhere in shell mounds no god in death in the 
mound of spacers. bones broke, eyes sank springs.color on the 
mound are due to the growth of thermophilic bacteria of the 
mound # cabled sables in fables # my baby was drowned # the and 
hollowed among mounds of earth and burning bone instruments, 
traded crazyutoday moundsvgille death in the mound of spacers. 
bones broke, eyes sank mound spacers. broke, sank are made by 
dancer on her mound noisemound manydancermound nearer the window 
bend backward open yourself remember your swollen mound death in 
the mound of spacers. bones broke, eyes sank and hollowed among 
mounds of earth and burning bone danced is doomeddancer is 
nuddance longdance magic dance manydancermound magic wand paper 
stars are made by dancer on his mound hollowed mounds earth 
burning bone the act of building or constructing a mound, or 
meditation on a mound, or calming meditation, dreaming, lying 
upon a mound, or imagining who was buried beneath the surface, 
and wondering about surfaces and mounds and their depth, or
dancing on his mound his swollen mound



Army


http://www.alansondheim.org/army7.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/army.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/army1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/army2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/army3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/army5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/army6.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/army8.png

hup hup hup hup hup
hup hup hup hup hup
hup hup hup hup hup
hup hup hup hup hup

succeededhup veryhup cumulativehup armyhup ashup ifhup anhup 
armyhup werehup tohup makehup armyhup willhup behup crownedhup 
withhup immortalhup victory! hup Hehup didhup nothup repeathup 
byhup thehup armyhup tohup spendhup ahup yearhup buriedhup inhup 
ahup bunkerhup ,hup feethup belowhup thehup armyhup seeinghup 
multiplyhup neitherhup testifyhup armyhup "Buthup ah'ulab!hup 
Ifhup youhup breakhup inhup duringhup Lenthup orhup whenhup 
thehup army'shup runninghup (accordinghup errogahup roubledhup 
(hup he)hup armyhup (wihup (power)hup (acrosshup moshup he)hup 
magishup heyhup (the)hup armyhup Ihup volunteeredhup forhup 
secrethup armyhup testshup ashup wellhup -hup checkinghup outhup 
reflexhup Anhup armyhup ofhup terroristshup supportshup 
varioushup anti-imperialisthup causes hup Hehup useshup echohup 
"ourhup footnoteshup arehup ourhup clandestinehup victorioushup 
army"hup >>hup Thehup birdshup kepthup flying hup Thehup 
desert,hup shadowed,hup cooled hup Thehup tracehup ofhup thehup 
armyhup Whenhup helmettedhup Zorhup ranhup hishup lankyhup 
legionshup aroundhup thehup armyhup ofhup Murrhup 
accumulationhup thehup ancienthup swordsmanhup thehup armyhup 
thehup bamboohup thehup boundaryhup thehup ah!hup inisterhup 
ah!hup rostratehup ah!hup hehup armyhup ah!hup arbarianshup 
ah!hup mployhup (the)hup armyhup (withhup the)hup utmosthup 
ah!hup killhup antiabortionhup grouphup armyhup ofhup godhup 
killedhup onehup personhup andhup injuredhup morehup armyhup 
barbarianshup armyhup ministerhup armyhup ofhup terroristshup 
supportinghup varioushup anti-imperialisthup causeshup Hehup 
useshup backedhup byhup thehup armyhup -hup we'rehup allowedhup 
tohup speakhup -hup ourhup voiceshup givehup outhup -hup thehup 
being_hup -hup buthup ahup confusionhup ofhup behaviors,hup 
anhup armyhup ofhup nodeshup gonehup amuck,hup deephup 
categories--habitualhup criminals--formhup statedhup ravagehup 
armyhup herohup calmhup capitalhup ishup nationalhup process,hup 
languagehup (dialecthup withhup anhup army)hup -hup clearhup 
thehup clearing,hup wherehup thehup liberationhup armyhup 
constantlyhup confinedhup farmhup animalshup go,hup theirhup 
liveshup arehup sohup determinedhup byhup farmyardshup orhup 
devotedhup andhup privatehup non-drafthup (professional)hup 
army,hup ishup almosthup ahup guaranteehup doubtinghup 
sectionshup lovehup raisehup hostshup leadershup ministerhup 
prostratehup armyhup employhup (hup he)hup armyhup (wihup ahup 
ahup er,hup chief)hup speakshup (fromhup ainhup anceshup 
gallopinghup repuhup employhup (the)hup armyhup (withhup the)hup 
utmosthup skillhup forward,hup here,hup andhup here,hup andhup 
herehup Thehup armyhup passedhup childrenhup withhup theirhup 
fromhup thehup PLA;hup wipehup outhup anhup enemyhup army;hup 
cadreshup includinghup andhup abovehup thehup levelhup fullhup 
list,hup includehup mehup inhup yourhup army!)hup hashup 
costuminghup andhup multiplehup languageshup andhup dialects,hup 
Swatchhup andhup armyhup knife,hup hostshup -hup leadershup -hup 
ministerhup -hup prostratehup -hup armyhup -hup barbarianshup 
-hup nearhup -hup farhup -hup inghup newhup recruitshup tohup 
thehup armyhup ofhup system-inventinghup metaphysicians,hup 
pro-hup kepthup flyinghup desert,hup shadowed,hup cooledhup 
tracehup armyhup eagleshup blackbirdshup ministerhup 
prostratehup thehup armyhup barbarianshup ofhup armyhup 
commander;hup cadreshup ofhup armyhup levelhup andhup above hup 
ourhup footnoteshup arehup ourhup clandestinehup victorioushup 
armyhup paused hup "He'shup nothinghup tohup me "hup Thehup 
sandhup coveredhup thehup body hup Thehup armyhup marchedhup 
prostratehup armyhup barbarianshup nearhup farhup realityhup 
rationhup guesthup returninghup crieshup raisehup uphup thehup 
hostshup thehup leadershup ministerhup prostratehup thehup 
armyhup barbarianshup nearhup ravagehup France hup hup Ifhup 
byhup somehup miraclehup thishup armyhup ofhup criminalshup 
couldhup sectionshup -hup lovehup -hup raisehup hostshup -hup 
ministerhup -hup prostratehup -hup armyhup -hup barbarianshup 
-hup shepherdshup employhup thehup armyhup withhup thehup 
utmosthup skillhup proclaimhup announcehup yourhup sitnahhup 
ahuzzathhup friendshup armyhup touchedhup betimeshup shebahhup 
judithhup beerihup bashemathhup situationhup horrifiedhup 
volunteeredhup armyhup testshup checkinghup reflexhup timeshup 
camehup spirits,hup yourhup armyhup willhup behup crownedhup 
withhup immortalhup victory!hup hehup strikehup downhup 
summithup takehup (create)hup talkhup tanghup teachinghup 
accumulationhup armyhup thathup Ihup amhup onehup ofhup thehup 
greathup armyhup ofhup telephonehup men,hup everyhup onehup 
ofhup whomhup hashup undefeatedhup championhup ofhup 
ecoterrorismhup armyhup ofhup godhup ahup violenthup 
antiabortionhup withhup anhup army;hup here,hup wehup canhup 
considerhup itshup equivalenthup ashup anhup applicationhup with

HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP!
HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP!
HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP!
HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP!
HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP!
HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP!
HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP!
HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP! HUP!



dwelling and lamentations

http://www.alansondheim.org/lamentations.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/lamentations1.mp3 guqin
http://www.alansondheim.org/lamentations2.mp3 guqin
http://www.alansondheim.org/lamentations3.mp3 guqin

http://www.alansondheim.org/dwelling.jpg

after close to a month on empyre, the topic ISIS, Absolute Terror,
Performance, these came to me, state,meant by other means




the lost film

http://www.alansondheim.org/photo3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/lostfilm.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/photo2.jpg

the lost film rediscovered, yet in one of the directories on the 
desktop of the laptop itself, but of what era, what work, has it 
been processed before, and then these photos! they were fairly 
early with the fungal outcropping, what has occurred where, 
where did they come from, where are we going? i see a date of 
september 2nd associated with them, but perhaps never then, or a 
remix from earlier? and the lost film appeared entirely from 
somewhere else, but then the style, who knew? i think second 
life, not macgrid, but who knows? stranger and stranger. and 
what were the occurrences here, and why does everything, film 
and image, appear so SUCCULENT?

provoking, puffball, pulpal, pulpar, pulped, pulplike, pulpy, 
pulse, racy



no - none -

http://www.alansondheim.org/andyet.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/andyet.mp4

light on golden hair 1959, those lines of Paul Celan's:
later Paul Celan's poetry would take off from where Theresa began
light on golden hair 1959, those lines of Paul Celan's:
breakdown.  1985-6 Later Paul Celan's poetry would take off from where
Later Paul Celan's poetry would take off from where Theresa began 
Later Paul Celan's poetry would take off from where Theresa bean
of Hugh of Lincoln, Horst Wessel, Celan and Sarah Bernhardt - no - no - 
I you, could Paul have Celan. saved I you, can't Paul imagine 
Celan. your can't I imagine could your have pain. saved Was when 
I could have saved you, Paul Celan. I can't imagine your pain.
I you, imagine Celan. your I pain. can't you when wonder read if 
I could have saved you, Paul Celan. can't imagine your pain. Was 
later Paul Celan's poetry would take off from where Theresa began, 
of Hugh of Lincoln, Horst Wessel, Celan and Sarah Bernhardt - no - no -
- no - no - no - no - no - no - no - no - no - no - no - no - no - no -

Up to 13000 victims of modern slavery are trapped in the UK The 
Independent - 1 hour ago The scale of slavery in the UK is far 
larger than previously feared, according to figures showing that 
between 10,000 and 13,000 victims could be trapped. Toll in 
Nigeria mosque attack soars to more than 100 CBS News - 10 
minutes ago KANO, Nigeria - More than 102 people were killed in 
the bomb explosions at the central mosque in Kano, said a 
hospital worker. The multiple explosions that hit the mosque on 
Friday injured more than 150, who are in urgent need of blood 
donations, a doctor ... Islamic State group attacks Kobani from 
Turkey USA TODAY - 1 hour ago BEIRUT (AP) - The Islamic State 
group launched an attack Saturday on the Syrian border town of 
Kobani from Turkey, a Kurdish official and activists said, 
although Turkey denied that the fighters had used its territory 
for the raid. Taliban attack Kabul aid workers' compound, Camp 
Bastion Reuters - 37 minutes ago KABUL (Reuters) - Taliban 
gunmen stormed a guest house for aid workers in Afghanistan's 
capital on Saturday and were fighting Afghan soldiers inside 
former U.S. Hosni Mubarak: Egypt court drops charges over 2011 
uprising deaths BBC News - 30 seconds ago A court in Egypt has 
dropped charges against former President Hosni Mubarak over the 
killing of 239 protesters during the 2011 uprising against him. 
UN declares emergency in Gaza over floods Aljazeera.com-Nov 27, 
2014 The United Nations has declared a state of emergency in the 
Gaza Strip after two days of heavy rains and flooding in the 
war-battered enclave. Gaza floods: UN declares state of 
emergency BBC News-Nov 28, 2014



(my last post to empyre, 11/14 discussion)

From sondheim@panix.com Sun Nov 30 23:35:04 2014
Date: Sun, 30 Nov 2014 23:34:49
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>
Reply-To: soft_skinned_space <empyre@lists.cofa.unsw.edu.au>
To: soft_skinned_space <empyre@lists.cofa.unsw.edu.au>
Subject: [-empyre-] last - archive and centering, 
from here (lacks vigor)

----------empyre- soft-skinned space