

On the Subaltar of Evil, the Abject


abjection/expulsion, purity and danger but here: with a weapon

[Fragments below]

XXXX: Logic of Universal Terror

[for all]X (not X --> 0)
Therefore not X is taken to 0 (null set)
Therefore not X is always already processed to 0
Therefore not X is equivalent to 0
Therefore not x is identical to 0
Therefore X --> V (universal set)
Therefore X is always already processed to V
Therefore X is equivalent to V
Therefore X is identical to V

This came on the heels of a first post I wrote thinking about 
XXXX and the idea of exclusion - from for all X not X tends 
towards zero - to X is identical with the universal set, not X 
is identical with the null set. I'm playing off ideas of purity 
and exclusion - things like the Pale etc. or the theory in 
Kristeva's Powers of Horror or the earlier Mary Douglas' Purity 
and Danger.

That which is not for me, in other words, is against me, and 
must be annihilated, and annihilation must be carried out to the 
limit. So for me the movement is from 'sending' or projecting 
not-x into the null set, to making it equivalent, to making it 
identical - a movement maybe from epistemology to ontology - the 
not-x become - _are_ inherently non-being, eliminated. -

X doesn't equal not-X. The world divides and hardens between X 
and not-X; it's a classical division so that the intersection of 
X and not-X is the null set. What I'm trying to present is the 
idea of an expulsion and an annihilation of what's expelled. 

XXXX wants a purified caliphate with only believers; 
non-believers are expelled or murdered. Could you elaborate on 
the rest of your post? I'm trying to say then that the 
annihilation is that of the Other - the Other isn't permitted to 
survive, and with the death of the Other, the Other becomes 
identified with 0.

Trying to come to grips with annihilation when for example 
beheading occurs, not only to foment terror, but as an act of 
piety, as part of the natural order of things -

             in the above, a signal is sent, becomes furious, 
begins to dissolve, the dance is violent and sexual like a 
machine gun


XXXX EXPANSION BY FORCE AND TERROR

FORCE = TERROR
WORD = NOTHING

or think of it like this:
for all X, not-X tends towards zero, not the null set
a move from set theory to simple arithmetic
whatever isn't x must be eliminated 
numbers brought down until the slate is cleansed kill-delete
then not-X = 0, the epistemology is complete
and in the future not-X is identical with zero,
 history erased, ontology cleansed - fundamentals


[Fragments above]

