


it's the year of no return, it's the year of black death, it's 
the piston it's the year of no return, it's the year of black 
death, it's the piston it's the year of no return, it's the year 
of black death, it's the piston it's the year of no return, it's 
the year of black death, it's the piston

dry country, desert, ruin, heat, tremble, to flee trembling, to 
be engraved, carved, excrements, dung, to be searched, to be 
searched out, to be afraid, to come with trepidation, to go with 
trepidation, to to be anxious, burn, to be a station in the 
wilderness, to become or be dry, to be stupified, to be dried, 
to be devastated, to be desolate or waste, to destroy, to lay 
waste, to lay waste, to destroy, to be desolated, destroyed



XXXX-is: the signal

             trying to come to grips with annihilation when for 
example beheading occurs, not only to foment terror, but as an 
act of piety, as part of the natural order of things -

             in the above, a signal is sent, becomes furious, 
begins to dissolve, the dance is violent and sexual like a 
machine gun

             amounting to firing a gun but now up close, the 
taste of the gristle, trophy of the severed head, or there were 
hands chopped, eyes gouged

             at times anything that can be removed

             what does this, where is a response, what is this?


XXXXMACHINE

XXXXMACHINE i can't do this
it doesn't come out right comes out wrong
XXXX = perfect humanism
demarcation and classification of the world
if you're not part of the answer you're part of the problem
anyone can use the slogan XXXX = mathesis
i am an arm of the equation i can't do this
why are you not seeing new XXXX philosophy
there's none other = XXXX exists
too many endgames at play 
too many games the war machine XXXXMACHINE is machine
is machine broken is perfect machine
art-philosophy machine sex machine i can't do this
i can't do this i just can't do this



XXXXTHEY keep on coming

_the they._ _the they_ mask. _the they_ masquerade.
already forced into a vanishing of alterity. already _they_ won.
already he won. already leaders. already led.
the violence of _the they._ the violence of a leader.
_they_ buy us into _their_ myth. _they_ caress us.
_our_ myth.

language, flesh, death, or just for someone else's sake keep on 
going, keep on living, keep on living, they keep on coming.  
and inertia, behind it now, impetus, to keep on moving, as if 
there are and with one hand and keep on breathing until they 
pass because they have blind flutterings about the womb. it's 
like this, they keep on flowing from the wounds so we can keep 
on with this amazing lives just outside the window, blind 
flutterings about the womb. you decide hope manage find some 
peace doing it, keep on, keep on living. we've got that and they 
keep on coming, keep on going, i'm afraid i have to keep on 
living in this hated world - you'd have to keep on living, deal 
with them - so they don't fall down, they keep on moving - so 
you don't fall down, you keep on moving - blind flutterings 
about the womb

he's going to keep on going, they keep on flowing from the 
wounds so i hold on - all that remains imminent, perhaps less, 
unresonant, so i keep on them, and those walls keep on crackling 
and the light keeps coming through, than that which you've 
already found, you have to keep on, keep on flowing from the 
wounds you decide hope manage find some peace doing it, keep on 
already across cliffs unafraid 2 fall & get up again and keep 
on, they keep on coming, they keep on coming, _they_ keep on



XXXXLURE the disk of XXXX

.XXXXLURE allure extasis

.dilatation or distension of a hollow organ 
.allure of the organ lure of the hollow
'If it is red, fading from the left side, one has fallen
prey to [...] the religious protectors.'
'If the color is dark, one has fallen prey especially
to [...] the Lord of Death.'

.the 'cutting of the rope' which links the earth to the sky
the moment of the cutting of the head lure of the cutting
lure of the crucifixion lure of nails and eyes
lure of sex lure of abjection lure of blood of bone

'If it is multicolored and shining, one has fallen prey
to the numerous ghosts of death.'

.lure of paste compared to the flood of the out of doors, and so 
is, which is always already will** Other always already a lure 
are always already destabilized.** form of seduction, the lure.

.primary content the lure .that "_object a, lure or masquerade, 
there's no return.

'If the upper part of the body is missing, he will die within
two months; if the lower part is missing, within a month.'



XXXXnegative theology


"The end approaches, now it's too late to tell the truth about 
the apocalypse. But what are you doing, all of you will still 
insist, to what ends do you want to come when you come to tell 
us, here now, let's go, come, the apocalypse, it's finished, I 
tell you this, that's what's happening."

Derrida, Of an Apocalyptic Tone Newly Adopted in Philosophy, in 
Derrida and Negative Theology, ed. Coward and Fosbay, 1992


XXXXdamnation

We're screwed to the wall.

We're screwed to history.
We're screwed to the hole of history.
We're screwed to the differend.
We're differend-drills.
We're screwed to the differend-drills.


Warrior Lure Allure

Promise the Warrior a softbed in a fourstar hotel. Promise the 
Warrior black coolfabric sheen. Promise the Warrior ferociouslit 
facemask fabric. Promise the Warrior fullfood and lean womenmen. 
Promise the Warrior lean womenmen revolutionfuturefun. Promise 
the Warrior radiotablet truenews wheels and medical. Promise the 
Warrior thatperson thisperson yourperson. Promise the Warrior 
yourperson here. Promise the Warrior stateposition everfuture. 

They came from nowhere. They came from beneath the earth. They 
came from Mars. They came from Venus. They came from outer 
space. They ate in a softbed in a fourstar hotel. They ate
fullfood and womenmen. They ate that person this person your 
person. They got to stateposition everfuture. They got to lean 
womenmen with hardcocks. They got to screen the left. They got 
to gamespace leanspace. They got to Avatar Warrior.


death of representation

i'm sick of pictures.
i can't make more pictures. 
everything i touch dies. i touch myself.
i can't make more pictures of myself.
i was embedded in machinery and i'm not embedded in machinery.
i look in the machinery of a mirror and my bones fall off.
my bones fall off before i'm robbed of them. 
before i'm robbed of neoliberalism.
before late capitalism's stolen from me.
before i plead guilty for being alive.
i plead guilty! i am still alive!


