==


Addenda (prepared for the Empyre discussion:



[...]"Amery argued, was that torture destroyed the world as the 
sufferer previously knew it. One of the most 'fundamental 
experiences of human beings', he observed, was the 'expectation 
of help': hot-water bottles, cups of tea, analgesics are 
routinely given to those in pain. In contrast, 'with the first 
blow from a policeman's fist, against which there can be no 
defense, and which no helping hand will ward off, a part of our 
life ends and it can never be revived'."

(Joanna Bourke, The Story of Pain, quoting Jean Emery, At the 
Mind's Limits.)

"Isis (Islamic State) militants have released images of the 
public crucifixion of a teenage boy.

The barbaric punishment took place over three days in the 
central square of the extremists' de facto capital Raqqa.

The militant group accused the teenager of taking photographs of 
the terror group's headquarters in Syria. It's claimed the boy 
was caught receiving 500 Turkish lira for every photograph he 
took of the Islamic State military base.

The graphic images show the battered and bloodstained body of 
the unnamed boy strapped to a cross, with a handwritten placard 
hanging around his neck, accusing him of apostasy.

A handful of individuals who oppose Isis have attempted to 
document the violence the terrorist group has inflicted in 
Raqqa.

The image has been circulated on Twitter both by anti-Islamic 
State campaigners and by Islamic State supporters.

Charlie Winter, programs officer at counter-extremism thinktank 
The Quilliam Foundation said crucifixion is a prescribed 
punishment meted out by Isis for specific crimes.

'Crucifixion has been used many times before it's an age-old 
punishment dealt out to people who have committed treason,' he 
said.

The militant group have embarked on a reign of terror since they 
seized control of the city earlier in the year.

The city has been bathed in blood, with severed heads regularly 
impaled on spikes on a small patch of grass in the square, and 
wooden and metal crosses readied for executions."

"Across the border in Syria, Islamic State fighters bragged of 
executing hundreds of members of the Shueitat tribe this year 
after it had tried to fight them.

"And Human Rights Watch said in a report Thursday that the 
Islamic State had systematically executed about 600 captives 
after taking over a prison near Mosul in June.

"The jihadists divided the prisoners by sect and gunned down the 
mostly Shiite prisoners as they knelt alongside a ravine, the 
New York-based organization said in the report, which was based 
on survivor testimonies.

"Also in June, the Islamic State carried out a similar mass 
killing of captured soldiers at a palace complex in Tikrit where 
Saddam Hussein once lived."

"UNITED NATIONS (AP)  A new United Nations report says the world 
faces a challenge of foreign fighters in terror groups on an 
'unprecedented scale,' with about 15,000 in Syria and Iraq 
alone.

The report by a panel of experts monitoring al-Qaida and the 
Taliban, obtained Friday by The Associated Press, has been 
submitted to the U.N. Security Council.

'Numbers since 2010 are now many times the size of the 
cumulative numbers of foreign terrorist fighters between 1990 
and 2010 - and are growing,' the report says. The panel was set 
up to support the council's al-Qaida sanctions committee.

The panel says fighters from more than 80 countries working with 
al-Qaida associates in Syria and Iraq "form the core of a new 
diaspora that may seed the threat for years to come," and that 
domestic terrorism could rise as fighters return to their home 
countries."

"BAGHDAD: Islamic State militants have executed 85 more members 
of the AlbuNimr tribe in Iraq in a mass killing campaign 
launched last week in retaliation for resistance to the group's 
territorial advances, a tribal leader and security official said 
on Saturday.

Sheikh Naeem al-Ga'oud, one of the tribe's leaders, told Reuters 
that Islamic State killed 50 displaced members of Albu Nimr on 
Friday. In a separate incident, a security official said 35 
bodies were found in a mass grave." 

"Nearly a thousand years old the first of its kind in Iraq, 
according to Archnet, and one of the last six standing, 
according to Iraq Heritage the distinctive muqarnas-domed 
mausoleum is now a statistic. The tomb of Shia Uqaylid amir 
Sharaf ad-Dawla Muslim is one of a number of sites that have 
been destroyed recently. Preceded by the Shrine of Arbaeen Wali 
(for 40 martyrs in the Islamic conquest of Tikrit) and the 
Syrian Orthodox Green Church of Mar Ahudama in late September, 
followed by the Yezidi Shrine of Mem Rean (Meme Reshan) in late 
October, the Mausoleum of Imam al-Daur was destroyed by the 
Islamic State on October 23."



JACK PERFORMANCE!

Proto rehearsal material for the upcoming Jack performance: 
Comments welcome and wanted!

http://www.alansondheim.org/amherstfungi152.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/jacktest1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/jacktest2.mp3

We're doing 8 pieces, the four here will be interspersed with
instrumentals. Azure does four songs, I'm playing oud, viola,
electric saz, and flute, in that order. On the second track,
it's the last song with shakuhachi instead of flute. These are
rough recordings of course, but we're on our way.

Playing at Jack in Brooklyn this coming Wednesday at 8:

Album release for Alan Sondheim/Azure Carter releases on 
ESP-Disk' and Public Eyesore.
Theoretical Mustache's photo.
Going
Alan Sondheim/Azure Carter, Mike Pride, Ras Moshe, Theoretical 
Mustache at JACK
Wednesday, November 12 at 8:00pm
JACK in Brooklyn, New York
With Chris Diasparra!, Ed Schneider!, Jackson Moore!

    Show Map
    JACK
    505 1/2 Waverly Ave, Brooklyn, New York 11238

This is a joint release concert for the Alan Sondheim/Chris 
Diasparra/Edward Schneider ESP- Disk' album Cutting Board and 
the Azure Carter/Alan Sondheim album Avatar Woman on the Public 
Eyesore label. Both ESP-Disk', which celebrated its 50th 
anniversary with a concert at JACK last November, and the 
younger but no less adventurous Public Eyesore, are record 
labels that could not care less about defining the genre of the 
music they release, as long as it pushes the envelope.

Headliner: Alan Sondheim/Azure Carter/Chris Diasparra/Edward 
Schneider

Support bands: Mike Pride's trio Period (Public Eyesore), Ras 
Moshe Trio (Straw2Gold), Theoretical Mustache

Between-sets DJ: Coeruleum (MechaBenzaiten)




TRUCK and JACK

http://halvard-johnson.blogspot.it/2014/11/alan-sondheim.html

Anny Ballardini has placed the entire text in Truck!
I'm seriously grateful. 

Empyre is almost literally, unutterably sad.

Azure and I re-recorded:

http://www.alansondheim.org/jacktest1.mp3

What image might accompany these?



Hemiptera

http://www.alansondheim.org/auranite55.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/hemiptera2.mp4



Our double cd release party at Jack last night!

for Cutting Board, ESP-Disk and Avatar Woman, Public Eyesore

http://www.alansondheim.org/nyx051.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cdrelease.mp3 (our set, enjoy)
http://www.alansondheim.org/nyx052.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nyx053.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/nyx050.jpg

Azure Carter, voice, songs
Chris Diasparra, tenor sax
Jackson Moore, flute
Ed Schneider, alto sax
Alan Sondheim, electric saz and  electric guitar, cura, viola, 
 shakuhachi, oud

We headlined the evening; all the groups were amazing!
Theoretical Mustache
Ras Moshe Trio
Period + Gerstein

And thanks to everyone who participated, particularly 
Steve Holtje, who organized the event, and Adam Tobin
for the photography!


- A wonderful night!





Turning Towards Fossil

http://www.alansondheim.org/ny09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ny08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ny07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ny06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ny05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ny04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ny03.jpg

something walked there, and something other,
and something other, and something trailed there.
from Providence River, Freud's uncanny, magic slate.
they're gone, annihilation to the limit.



SWOLL

http://www.alansondheim.org/SWOLL1.png

A series of snapshots from a TI calculator; the images 
reveal the outlines of a complex shape. The equation is
an exponential of x; the tangent ensures that there are
periodic infinities which produce the edge phenomenon
of vertical lines, the calculator rounding out. The
dots themselves reveal hit or miss markings. I've always
been fascinated by the limits of digital rasters, and
here's an example that fascinates me as well for its
graphic quality.



Pratt talk Wednesday "Teetering on the Edge of the Void"

KEYWORDS:

Anguish
Terror
Absolute
Mocap
Analog Abject
Social media - empyre retardation
Virtual worlds
Gamespace of Virtual worlds: edge of gamespace (SWOLL)
Woundatar

The talk is replete with dead ends, forks, coincidences,
borrowings, intellectual properties, videos and audios,
other stuff -

http://www.alansondheim.org/ptalk.txt

Comments welcome -


