
-


It's a wonderful day in the neighborhood.


It's this way. I look out across Fifth Avenue down Dean Street into an
area I don't dare walk at night. I look past an apartment window across
the street on Fifth in which an intense young woman sits at her computer
and types for hours. Down Dean on the right I can see the firetrucks go in
and out; when the approach the loft, the noise is overwhelming. I can
follow Fifth to the left where it enters Flatbush and there is a wide area
I've heard called no man's land because it's between neighborhoods and in
the process of being rebuilt. The Long Island Railroad station has been
torn down; there's just a hut there, minimal underground services. I can
see across to the projects; I don't dare go over there, about a half mile
away. The traffic on Flatbush is different than the traffic on Fifth which
is different than that on Dean; all three traffics define different nodes
or patterns, different populations or vectors across the tumor called
Brooklyn. There are few trees visible anywhere; I'm three flights up, and
you can see cacti outlined in the window facing the woman. The loft is
often overheated or overcold; during the former periods, I walk naked
everywhere, conserving the heat exchange with bare skin, visible perhaps
from the street as an organism or virus on the alert. I don't know. I'm
always restless. There's little environmental cushioning for theory which
I write here, certainly not in the corner shop or the hairdresser's next
door or the bar on the other side of the small parking-lot or the boarded
up corner building to my left or the sporting-goods store diagonally
across the street. Theory is superfluous. What I read shatters to the
ground. It is a landscape of absolution; little is open late at night
except for a bodega next to the policestation around the corner from the
firestation. Services get bundled here; at the other end of my block on
Dean there's an unemployment office, and a block away, welfare. There are
various medical/hospital/psychiatric services in the area as well, inclu-
ding an AIDS office; there are other small clinics. All have the charac-
ter of social agencies serving the poor, and in a spot like this you can
see the hardness of the city; there's less and less cushioning for them as
well. Why do I tell you these things? Because theory isn't produced in a
vacuum, because the space _here_ in which I am writing at the moment is
enormously fragile in relation to the social/physical, no matter what
theorists say or do. The real is a long way from wiring-up, jacking-in,
and when it does connect, the street doesn't disappear. And looking out
the window tonight, feeling exposed, desiring, exhausted, neurotic, un-
written, I felt that the one advantage of living _here_ was the continuous
reminder of these states, and that they're not by any means texts. Earlier
in fact, I thought about humans fucking, how when I fuck I look closely 
into someone's eyes, how everything and nothing is mirrored or flowing 
there, the fear and attraction. How different from most other organisms. 
How we always already face the real, cyberspace watch out.

