
-


The Quarrel of the Ancients and Moderns


Intelligence is clearly distributed, among structures, brain areas; what-
ever appears is emergent. Entities are clearly distributed; in Structure
of Reality, I defined an entity as roughly the k-ply union of the inter-
sections of its descriptors. k implied thresholding and emergence can be
considered a variety of _active_ thresholding in which weights, networks,
structures, and linguistics are all variable; what results in fact is a
form of collapse into the construct of entity, name, etc. In the same 
work I defined state-representation-graphs and representation itself as
a loose (i.e. conceivably involving probabilities and "foreign" elements)
mapping from one matrix to another. In Hofstadter's Copycat program, "The
system has a connectionist flavor by virtue of spreading activation in
the slipnet." (Franklin, Artificial Minds; also see Hofstadter on fluid
analogies.) On MOOs, objects are constructed through wryting; in cyber-
space, bodies are constructed through hysteric embodiment. In Stone's
work, as well as Turkle's, Butler's, etc. the construct of gender is par-
amount and in fact the physical body itself becomes problematic in the
first two. Electrons as particles are found within probability clouds
and as everyone knows particles behave as waves and vice versa. Reality
tends to diffuse in the very late twentieth century, as if it will at 
last turn transparent in the year 2000; the opposite in fact is still
the case in many parts of the world where bodies are close to equivalent
to lost generations, internment, detention and disease. The world cannot
sustain its obdurate status; it tends towards the transparent and per-
haps this is also what the virus perceives? 

Because it's _not_ that there is a point to this, but only a pointer
itself to the opposite, that it is pointless and diffuse, even the ob-
durate, even death which is becoming a _deduction._ For ourselves, for
myself, I await _nothing_ for nothing is within and without the state
of nature, a state which dissolves into foreign states and dissolutions
- this isn't a _situation_ of the critique of nations (not a critique
at all): _Whatever is named falls apart._ Kripke was wrong; when infor-
mation deconstructs natural kinds, language loses its holdfast. But
Saussure was wrong; when language loses holdfast, difference collapses
as well and one is left with the _mentioning_ of pointers. 

And in the midst of all of this (postmodernity): the past appears only
_as an emergent property itself,_ the result of blind copycat thresh-
olding. So isn't death a residue?

Think _on_ this.

