

-



Communication Beyond Communication


Good evening. I want to speak about something I am calling "Communication
Beyond Communication," which refers to more than the title of this talk;
in fact, it presuppose a supplement to communication which exceeds this
or any other framework. Such a supplement does not, however, presuppose
either a metaphysics or a teleological impulse towards spirit of whatever
sort; instead it describes by its very supple impulse, an issue of _band-
width,_ and what it is possible to ascertain in any consensual orienta-
tion. One might well argue that sexuality alone is that supplement or at
least exceeds the issue of supplement, since the symbolic, almost always
imminent, is replaced by the imaginary, the shuddering itself within the
real. One need, however, not turn towards the Lacanian in order to compre-
hend that up to and perhaps encompassing the sexual, there is always al-
ready a tendency towards _gesture,_ gestural logics, extensions (speci-
fically non-distributivity) enlarging whatever mode one enters within. 

Now the specificity of speech or print, in lieu of any other accompanying
discourse, is the speech of the telephone or the Internet, in spite of
_this_ speech, which is a presentification in which the issue of embodi-
ment hardly arises. And the telephone or Internet (I am speaking of 
ascii, specifically, lower ascii, here) constructs an uncanny intimacy -
the former, because the voice is ikonic in relation to the voice, and the
latter, because distance (absence of Levinasian alterity) can be an open-
ing or positivity (i.e. the negation of the every-day is absent). Both
modes then for different reasons tend towards one another.

If there is _reason_ to the uncanny, part of it lies in the lack of the
body here, just as pornography itself lacks the flesh, and reconstructs
it in the form of serial representations (exhausting, through defuge, one
or another image, entering into the circulation of commodities). It is
this very lack which spurs the desire for communication beyond communica-
tion, for _something else_ in addition to the _stuff_ carried within the
bandwidth, loaded stuff, overdetermined and underdetermined simultaneous-
ly. It's overdetermined by the body itself, and underdetermines the self-
same body of the other. This is a continuous process.

And it is a process which, like pornography, creates a circulation of
community and communication, brings one back into the group or a sense of
the participatory. Not to mention that it is the participatory (at least
in its relation to the other) that drives the communication in the first
place.

Out of this, out of all of this, yearning emerges; it is yearning which
creates the illusion of the _horizon_ of cyberspace, a cyber_spatiality_
in fact which is non-existent, but appears, like the rainbow, to have an
end in bodies which are no longer, have never been, virtual. In the un-
canny this is the _doing_ and _undoing_ of bodies, the unraveling of the
real and the wandering in the return to the symbolic; all one has, after
this all is said and done, is the screen itself, in its fecundity, its
production of the textual which is never a fellow-traveler.

That is all that needs to be said _on the subject,_ and I would continue
except for the very obvious fact that I am tired, exhausted in fact (all
these facts!) with the considerable traveling I myself have had to do,
in fact, to come here and speak to you this evening.

Thank you.

<Audience:> No, thank you!

No, thank you!

<Audience:> No, really, thank you!

No, thank you!

<Audience:> No, thank you!

I really must insist! Thank you!

<Audience:> Ah, but really as well, thank you!

No, no, no! Thank you! I _must_ insist! Thank you!

<Audience:> [etc.]

