
-


The Poor Post of the Playing Fields of the Goddess


There is always a business that surrounds a text-driven application within
a graphic interface. It can range from advertising on some of the downloa-
ded chat clients, to buttons always signaling an alternative. Thus one is
faced with the model of a tree or holarchy from everywhere within the Net.
At the prompt, space appears; within X-windows on linux, there may be no-
thing at all. Space is boundless, and shells and other forms of subterran-
ean life coagulate upon it. But within the GUI, there is only inscription
and determination; the result is a _setting_ that varies according to the
application, but always contains within it the seeds of its own branching
or dissolution. 

This isn't a minor point; there are two different ways of approaching the
net, just like poetics of a sort - a tablature or sonnet, and a field or
potential manifold. The prompt approaches the latter, which fascinates me
since there is within it a simulacrum of cyberspace, lending itself to-
wards the metaphor. The former however is laid out, presenting navigable
surfaces which may lead anywhere and everywhere, but never stray too far
from port. 

The former is classic AI, the latter connectionist or post-connectionist. 
The former is Boolean, the latter non-distributive. The former is the 
Young-Helmholtz model of color vision and/or classical particles and the 
latter is the post-Land/David Marr theories of color vision and/or 
superimposition. 

But the former contains within it the seeds of teleology, permission, and
protocol, and hence is at the heart of TCP/IP for example, the material
substrate forming the _stuff_ of the surface, just as protocol itself is
met with its own representations all the way down, nothing stopping at the
level of the atomic. It's good to remember this. It's good to remember the
demographics also, which don't and never can mirror ourselves, nor should
we desire that mirroring. I will split within the field of the Goddess. I
will work accordingly. 


