

value="rev"> <input type=hidden name="origdate" value="February 10, 1996
at 22:31:13"> Name: <input type=text name="name" size=50><br> E-Mail:
<input type=text name="email" size=50><p> Subject: <input type=text
name="subject" value="Re: rev" size=50><p> Comments:<br> <textarea
name="body" COLS=50 ROWS=10> : I don't want to take over the fucking
world. : I'm not a revolutionary. : I don't want to be part of your
revolution. : I don't want to be part of anyone's revolution. : I want a
cunt. : I want to know what it feels like. : I want to be opened and
closed like a membrane. : Words will seep through the membrane. : It's
always wet. : It's always pierced. : I don't want to think about your
style or be your style or be part of your style. : I'm not part of your
movement. : When I tongue you I drink your piss. I'm sutured into your
clit. : I belong in you. : This is a nice space. Keep it that way. : But:
I don't want to be your hole. : I don't want to be the place you shove
your messages. : But: I don't want to be your toilet. : I don't want to be
your barrel of a gun. I don't want your gun. : I don't want you to rev me
up. I don't want you. : If I want you I want a cunt. If I want a cunt I
want you. : But I want to be you. : I want to be you rev. : I want to be
you rev. 
-


Representation


Stan Franklin, in Artificial Minds, characterizes the third AI debate as a
concern with the viability of representations. Representation is not
_necessary_ within some AM (artificial mind) implementations, and in fact
this viewpoint seems to resonate strongly with Sartre's in Psychology of
Imagination. For I would argue that representation is not only emergent,
but also a construct which is only necessary under certain circumstances.
For example, if I use the word "dog" in a sentence (i.e. "I walk the
dog.") there is no reason to assume that a signified is produced whatso-
ever - instead the word fits into sublated networking - the representation
only occurs _as a deliberate production_ - i.e. "What sort of a dog is it?
Can you describe it?". I bring forth Sartre's discussion of the internal
image of the Pantheon, which was also implicitly a construct. So not only,
according to a paradigm emerging (or an imaginary emerging perhaps - find-
ing "paradigm" problematic), do entities, etc. exist only as emergent phe-
nomena (throwing the notion of difference into issues of skittering sur-
faces at best), but also representation itself is emergent; not only do
bacteria, say, do without it, but humans do without it, unless a mode of
representing _is explicitly called forth._ In fact, representation could
be considered _a mode of the interrogative,_ the answer to a question
which necessarily implies, at least vis-a-vis _parole,_ the production of
a series of statements embodying the epistemology of the query itself. If
on-line I am asked what I look like (to take the simplest situation), I
respond by _wryting_ a representation of myself, which comes-into-being
_through_ the wryting and its symbolic. And I would argue that even in-
ternal body mapping, for example, is not a representation, but demarca-
tions which flicker in and out of existence in response to circumstances.
For example, the mapping would include a bandwidth of acceptable tempera-
tures, but this would not be "part" of a representation, only something
constructed when necessary (i.e. it's below freezing outside). 

Most of this is hardly new; what matters here is the relative obviousness
of it all. Consider language again and its peculiar symptomologies once
again; if a speaker had representations of each word appear in turn, in 
almost any everyday sentence, the result would be a Borgesian catatonia,
not competency. The remarkable thing is not that _language represents,_ 
but for the most part, that _it doesn't._ (Perhaps the opposite is true 
of mathematics.)

And what holds for language, holds elsewhere within the cognitive domain.
Art is clearly concerned with the production of representations, to the
extent that it produces bodies or embodiments; even conceptualism resulted
in numerous texts, statements, performances, mathematizations, etc. 

But art isn't the point here; in fact, almost any conversation may involve
representations - or at least certain affectual domains. When a couple
argues, they produce such a domain (which is recognized in the notion of
an argument "getting the best of them"). When a group of people discuss
a television show, for another example, images from past episodes may be
called forth, re-produced (reproduction is production); these are as
creative as Sartre's examples, and tethered to the real by production-
algorithms (which are thresholding, emergent, fuzzy themselves).

I wonder if it would be accurate to say, that a violent crime, on the part
of the perpetrator, is _without representation_? That it is the impossi-
bility (not just the absence) of representation that creates or participa-
tes in the conditions of crime? Which is to say as well that representa-
tion involves empathy, investment, and one reason why it does not come in-
to play, is unnecessary in being-in-the-world, is the result of a specific
_economy of being_ that is at odds with thinking-through-the-object. 

Of course this text is full of errors; I'm jumping randomly among levels.
Take for example, body temperature. _Somewhere_ there must be acceptable
bandwidths. But again these need be no more than learned experience, not
representation; the body is in continuous negotiation with the world. Go
further and take a discussion of a television show. The show was viewed,
the diegesis was constructed within the viewer. Later, this becomes a
matter for memory; most of the diegesis is forgotten - what does remain is
a matter of clues, symptoms, which can be constituted into memory. I would
argue that there are numerous levels of compression at work here, using
techniques at times reminiscent, say, of video compression - and that
representation is a result of this decompression. (Even now, for example,
suppose I picture, represent, to myself, the image of a lover. I can
"picture her exactly," but if asked what clothes she is wearing, I
immediately, internally, create a wardrobe. Even with something as "basic"
as the eyes, I create an image. And note that _this_ image - which is a
representation - may be at variance with "seeing" her in real life - in
the latter situation, the slightest anomaly may attract attention. Sup-
pose she has had her nose pierced - I might remark on it. This does not
mean however that the constructed image _had as a characteristic a non-
pieced nose_ - in fact, this is the crux of the matter, since I am argu-
ing that _no such characteristic_ was called forth at all, that the pier-
cing itself creates an addendum or diacritical mark, to be added to the
later constructions (if such fantasies are desired), and that representa-
tion itself works _only_ from these diacritial marks, which may be few and
far between.)

Are there generalized higher-order abstractions which are representa-
tions, for example, ideal forms, a representation of human? Again, I'd
argue no, that mind proceeds by conservatism, and anomaly alone, not
constituted by difference, but by emergence, would be remarkable. Take
the parenthetical of the lover again. There would be biases among the
neural machinery, out of which "she" would emerge, partially remembered
(I may forget the next-to-last fight for example). The piercing would
add to the biases, but the totality of the biases would not be a repre-
sentation of her, but a potential production, intermixed with other po-
tential productions. There would be no fixity, no fetishization, that
would constitute a framework here. (In this regard, fetishization may be
considered a retardation of the world, an intensification of object/
objectivity, in order to create a modicum of control. Fetishes are crea-
ted precisely when the world seems out of control, through sickness, 
death, love, colonization; they stop objects from sliding beyond tradi-
tional ontologies of representations, which are part and parcel of tradi-
tional culture, into the world of construct, diacritics, production. I
might add that science itself is construct, diacritics, concerned with 
the devolution of entities.)

It's easy to shoot this argument full of holes, and even within the more
carefully delimited areas of say Winograd, Hofstadter, and Franklin, the
verdict is still out. But it does seem that, more and more, the geopoli-
tical nature of the real, which is based on aristotelian logic, inscrip-
tion, and the integrity of the organism, is giving way to a fragmentation
in depth - and the notions of nomadicism, microterritorialization, etc.,
popular in  French thought then become a rearguard action. Deleuze and
Guattari returned to the machinic and flows, just at the moment when the
machinic itself began its fall into submergence, and flows also produce
turbulent "animals," which we take for the world itself.


