
-


Walking in Wilkes-Barre


I was in the Martz bus station in Wilkes-Barre Penna. on the way back to
the city early this morning, and I was in the Martz station twenty minutes
early. So I paced first back and forth across the line-of-sight of the
other passengers seated, waiting. That didn't do it. I was in the Martz
station and I managed to _circumambulate_ the passengers, walking to their
right, behind them (retaining wall), around through the lobby of the sta-
tion, in front of the ticket counter (their left), across a pillar and 
wouldn't you know it, across their field of view once again, the same as 
the line-of-sight. I completed three to the left, one to the right, two 
to the left. I thought about everything. I should mention the station is 
small, poorly lit, tile floor and walls, facing the square of a rather 
battered city.

After I was done thinking about everything I thought I wasn't there, and I
wondered if I've been noticing this more recently because of cyberspace. 
I thought I was somewhere and this was a consensual reality. No, that's 
not true - it was decathected, defuge; it was that it didn't matter be- 
cause I was there or not but I felt I wasn't, it was peripheral. And this 
is tied to inside and outside, not on or off the bus. I should mention I 
had had no sleep, none at all.

When I'm outside I'm aware of the ground under me, that I'm walking on 
hardness pretty much all the way down, pipes and other substructure not- 
withstanding. And I'm aware it's not my hardness, not even borrowed; I'm 
there in an abstract relation with it, mediated in fact (Marx's 1844 
notebooks still a clue). When I'm here in the loft where I am now, there 
is a relation of security, even though it's not my space; it's demarcated 
and has a history. The cat here is the same; her personal relationship 
clearly isn't with me but the space. When I was away, the people who 
stayed who she had never met before were fine substitutes. But the space 
itself is integral to her, hard-wired at the moment, obdurate, thick, 
pebbled. It's _that._ It's connected to cyberspace in some way; I'm sure 
of it. 

So when I'm outside I feel I'm still inside or controlling things. Or 
maybe am. This is the first stage of psychosis; the second is realizing 
there is no one to talk to. Not even no one else. That there is no one to 
talk to.

(Or that there is no one talking. Because from the place of safety, the
outdoors simply _is not,_ and the mind sinks always into itself, beneath
or among the emergences. That is where it is where it delights in this
writing and mourns the world. That is where it is where the world is not.

Commas are breaths and when I am tired as tired now they often disappear. 
They ground the text to the body and the body's blows. Where are they? At 
times, now and then, they appear. They're held up rarely by longer words. 
Those fly. But the words aren't the words and the body's absent as well 
carried off by the commas. The diacritique I spoke of in the text on 
representation and emergence. As if there were marks of the things them- 
selves.)


