


The Text of the Body of the Text


[ Importing the body of the text already located in Disorders of the Real
then dis/located by the scanner running down/pouring out across the scat-
tered text. The text/scat unravels. My hand trembles. I dream. So net.sex 
similar. And then, conversion. ]

It falls form the body! gathers there upon the floor ! which hardens;
there I gather as it pulls farther against the supine standing body of the
woman and so desolate, naked, her or gathered against her J organs
gathered for her, and so still, so still -
                          - that it hardens, ea. compressed ! smaller ! or
nones nothing - void ! ab gathered! uterine empire, every object in parts!
parted! every object forgotten! parturition l
                                            divii like a penis!
miscarriage, born still - torn fray of a figure leans, you can hardly
breathe ! hardy breathe it in
                   (dusk rising alone ! taste and of menses! you're
plateau! can hardly breathe - ~

o i'd pick it up! on return at the very least ! bring it home, clasp it to
my breast! things don't leave a trace at my place, like the rest are
faceless; they roam! it's blood! should be - tissue. that hollow (fissure
of body! hieroglyph i ' m bent backward, women, split

falls from body, gathering on floor! wooden! har I gather! it pulling
further flesh's tension! de naked woman's gathered organs against hers for
h heated! seared and sullen flesh still hardened p

S again I shave May., on me,, on face ant r and arms, behind my back,
hiding myself,, devourx If, smeared zi t.h cum,. texture of ague, words
bathe otters YOU shove my fingers deep in me! I find me e her here,, she
bleeds on me.. she writes my skin Z are everything you are everything to
me. 'iful arms on one lea,.  two on another;  two armE Z holding me open,
between me., speaking the ganged Z in coin! yOtl shower down on me! a
public squat xur name., in piss on white marble! in blood on woz nes of
air, in you in a far place., empty land and scrub!  < zed guilt and
retribution., ran naked before you su and everyone! beneath and beyond,,
beyond your rdens in all weathers!  tightens for you,, I bee * semen.,
menstrual blood in my eyes., millennium's| Wide into you, everyone payinar
realm of hard coia round tight. you turn! turn me over., ma alphabet Z
river., on hank., the side of the river.. six and fi again! cum's white
cream spurt! neck of the nd again! sunset and dawn.  harvesting hands a n,
impoverished gifts! repeating surrounding., the white skin! You'd see my
body opened! You' ech 's start! YOLI 'd smell the moist prick.' You 'G
realm's flesh.' You'd swallow my hole! 

