
-


The Thing in the Bed of the Lake


[Sometimes I can't get it right, the writing, which churns, runs on, the 
meaning worn smooth across the jagged edges of faulty style. Sometimes 
though there is an interstitial gleam, as in the text below.]

A while ago, I believe, I wrote (there are so many texts, it's difficult
for me to remember) about an experience I had in the Galil, in the vicin-
ity of a dried lake-bed back in the 1960s, when I was spending a year in
Israel studying prehistory. There was an excavation going on, returning
Olduvai tools (clai tzoor) to the surface, and I was amazed at the quan-
tity - I had always assumed that australopithecine axes (for that's what
they were considered at that point) would be relatively rare. Instead,
there was an acre of bags of them, all removed and labeled from trenches
that had originally been bulldozed out (believe it or not - and I wonder
if this technique is still used today). There were literally millions of
axes, a great midden of stone tools. I remember walking along one of the
trenches, in fact, and touching the tools which were like pebbles, roughly
carved, embedded in the sidewalls - and feeling a sense of the uncanny (as
best I can put it) realizing that the last _person_ who had touched these
was not quite human. On one hand, the quantity, and on the other, the
distance, as if the distance were up close, rubbed in one's face, the
searing energy of it all. Since then, among other things, I have wondered
about _names,_ and whether there were names here in the midst of the
middens, whether or not these _people_ were called, summoned by names, by
languaging beyond the ikonic. It also started me thinking, from that point
/this point on, about protolanguage and the contention that language ap-
pears all-at-once, that there is a syntactic threshold, and how that must
apply, how cultural poverty (from our supposedly cornucopic viewpoint) is
accompanied nonetheless by the growth of enormous feed-forward abstrac-
tion. 
  
Meanwhile there is the experience of the thing in the bed of the lake, the
objet petit a, the ding-an-sich, because it's probably just now, upon
sight and citation, that it's acquiring a name beyond the site. It remains
locked in mind where it has joined other constructs and I recall only the
recall, adding to the surfaces of the stone as time goes on. Now many of
them were hardly worn, surfaces and stones, and therefore what was the
need of flaking still another? Unless of course there might have been rit-
ual involved in this, _singular_ usage for example, before discarding.
That is to say empathy between the stone and its use, what we might call
the matrix or the Net. Because even over time, it's hard to account for
that acre of bags of tools, even over hundreds of thousands of years, all
of them available on more or less the same plateau. All of them, they did
fit in the hand. 


