
-


No Way Out when It's Dark


(My words up my ass)

You can pull out the abacus, rework the rules, use adjacency to create the
semblance of a mind. You can exhaust yourself in the cold, not think; I
went out in a sweatshirt tonight, nothing else. It didn't work. The words
I wryte build a wall. You don't know me through it. I am only concerned
with their survival, by which I mean proper ordering. They come from afar.
"It sure is, the deep freeze is on. Tonight that snow is turning to ice.
Crews are frantically ploughing away. Can you believe a good number of
people skating in these bone-chilling temperatures? They haven't fallen
off that much, but a clearing line moving towards us. Look at this. That's
what it feels like." 

(My words up my cock)

This is a night I'd like to go visit a lover, a night I'd rather not be
online. I'd walk through the cold shirtless, my nipples pointed, air
congealing across my chest, sheen on me. I'd come to your door, nipples
frosted, internal ice, my chest yours alone. You'd like to write on me;
I'd like you to. Everything in this cold world would be perfect and you'd
write words about the body and I'd ask you to put the pen away or maybe
the ink would lose. There's nothing more to say; we keep talking on long
past the meaning of words, to the point where they're only good for nest-
ing. "That's what making the roads so dangerous. Many people have said
they have had enough. But it's not that much of a consolation. I hate the
snow. I want to go any place but New York. That's a thought. News Channel
4." 

(My words up my cunt)

This is a night where I realize the falsehood in my texts, their relation-
ship to obsession, my inability to walk away from them. That I've had no-
thing to say. That I write without thinking, guided by blind ambition. 
That this is a prison and misprison, that I garner only the framework of
thought, that I'm an emptied vessel, blah blah. That Europe has fallen,
that America is falling, blah blah. That there is blood on the horizon, 
blah blah. That white light blinds itself.

(My words up my head)

