
 
-


The Archaic Nature of Men


Men are doomed; victimized by point/set mentality and reduction/frame-
working, they harbor the last of the top-down hackers. As the Net spreads
it becomes more and more, not feminized or even feminist, but riot grrrl,
and it all comes home in Carla Sinclair's Net Chick, A Smart-Girl Guide to
the Wired World. Note the hyphen in "Smart-Girl" which slangs it, collap-
ses the phrase. This is the first Net guide that's worth buying for every-
one, particularly since it signals a sea-change, one which the pricks in
Washington can't and won't buy into. What are they afraid of?

The men are afraid of losing the girls the grrrls. They're afraid they're
redundant, that the sea change blows the pricks out to sea. They're afraid
that the Net's a membrane, not a highway, that they can't look can't stare
any more, that their kids are already fucking and liking it more than 
they ever did. They're afraid of sleaze because they find their own names 
right there in the middle of it.

But it's not just them, it's me, you, and every man, because the Net is 
coming for this change, conning for it, and the only energy left isn't 
Nirvana but Courtney Love - it's easy to get sick of songs which descend 
the scale on every phrase and teen-age male anxiety hasn't changed since 
the days of Chatterton (dead 1772 for those who don't know). Back then it 
was a class thing and maybe a language thing; now it's everything - what 
happens when the leader of the pack is riding a _thing_ and everyone else 
is in for bodies and talk?

We're anachronistic. Our particular hormones worked well on the savanna
but not here, not now. The control of consciousness, consciousness of con-
trol (COC) is unnecessary, anathema in a world which emphasizes coagula-
tion instead of entity, emergence instead of taxonomy. We live to be TOPS
(tired old paradigms), and we can't even imagine women in that position
which is why we LOVE them there, o transgression! Forget it. We can't
possibly imagine there's nothing to transgress. 

As far as essentialism goes, it doesn't matter either way, I guess that 
grrrls are open to anyone's membership, but the book is definitely aimed 
at women and makes me realize why I wince listening to most male rock 
groups, have difficulties in crowds, stutter before authority, can't piss 
when other males are around (definitely a delta), but would go the dis- 
tance for P.J. or even early Bjork.


