

-


The Thick of It, Ending of a Life in Memory


( Now it was cold in the city, bitterly cold, and I was at Film/Video
Arts, and ran into Freddie. And it has been this way the past few weeks,
constant returns, circumambulations without end, spirals owned to no one
at all. The writing itself roils, shades and images of Da Vinci's latter 
drawings and Hokusai's waters. My life catches up with me, overtakes, 
swallows me whole. )

The annotation: "The thickness of memories. Waldrop and mss. Increasing
transparency, memories filling the gap (as I fade, others take my place,
become me)."

Translation: As I become more transparent, memories cover me, fill and
fulfill me; for example, bringing boxes of books to Keith and Rosmarie
Waldrop's house, getting ready to leave Providence. At the Merce Cunn-
ingham concert, Robert Ashley was one of the composers/performers (sound)
- I had met him through Alvin Lucier (the Once group, also with Gordon
Mumma and David Behrman), and that familiar voice made space the dancers
worked in. Then talking to Freddie Gafner today (dancer with the company)
and remembering and then walking out later and thinking of walking through
Providence because Ashley came through Keith (who had dated Yoko Ono and
was friends with George Maciunas and for that matter published my first
book, a volume of experimental writing called An,ode that was also my MA
thesis). So it gets to the point where I'm no longer _present,_ only (more
or less) a function of typing itself, conduit of memories swarming, liter-
al emergence again, and the I itself weakens, the coagulation or memb-
rane tears open, there I'm. Or not. Neither though a moment of other
voices - that's got to be understood. Keith wrote a blurb on the back of
my Disorders of the Real. Rosmarie I'm convinced never liked me. She's the
translator of Jabes. But at least there's less and less of me to like in
the first place. Lawrence Goldstein also hung out at K and R's and he's
got a few books out; I find them at the Strand. But I found myself not
fitting in with the quietude and etiquette there; I'd be around the corner
with Mike Metz, who will probably see this text, and who is an artist here
in NY now, certainly the friend I've been in touch with the longest. He
xeroxed a few hundred copies of Textbook of Thinking, otherwise that
would have never appeared either. Keith published a postcard I did which
read snow: are inches falling, and that was the end of it. But he got all
my work from the Bykert Gallery show I did in NY and some other stuff
including about four boxes of Vito Acconci's things, including original
manuscripts by himself, Bill Berkson and others. He got my whole edition
of the Evergreen Review, back to the first issue. Once I found him carry-
ing in boxes of Bulwer Lytton; I asked him why on earth, and he said be-
cause they were available. But Keith introduced me to Ashley who I remem-
ber saying so much that he (Robert) wanted to look old before his time and
he did and looks just about the same now, so it collapsed. Anyway, Robert
was there with the same voice of "she was a visitor" or maybe "she is a
visitor" when he described it to me and I remember once in a dark time
when he, Ashley, wrote me a letter saying I was the best writer in the
United States. Times are dark on those letters and the letters from Vito
and others, including Margaret's which I want to discard but haven't sadly
enough. But I did trade the Acconci picture for an air pistol, and I
published Acconci and Lucier among others in Individuals: Post-Movement
Art in America, and I was thinking of all of this walking to the R train
to leave Manhattan for Brooklyn - at least I think I was walking, there
were footsteps where occasional snow might be or might have been


