


The Frame (from two posts sent to Cybermind 2/14/96)

A few comments in regard to Dobie's and Richard's recent posts. First, Pip
and I are equal co-moderators. Second, re: Dobie, I didn't volunteer to
moderate/co-moderate; I began Cybermind with Michael Current and started
FOP myself. Which brings up a point that is rarely addressed in these
discussions, I think - the framework of the lists, the space, which is set
initially by the interest of the moderator to see discussion on some
subject or another. In other words, Michael and I established Cyb.  for
various reasons, invested our time, etc. So this was established not as a
completely open framework such as an agora where people meet on anything
(although it can of course turn into that) - it's thematic. Even talkers
are thematic. On talkers and IRC and havens, you can send topics in fact. 
Part of the phenomenology of governance then is the reasoning and invest- 
ment that goes into lists, usenet groups, etc. in the first place.

A second part is the dialog that's established between the moderators and 
the administrators. We deal with someone at AOL; there's a contract. 
There was an informal contract at Jefferson with Spoons, and between me 
and Spoons, and it was the informality that led to the list leaving 
Spoons, since manipulation became the only way things were done. Spoons' 
lack of contract with Jefferson is also problematic. On AOL, there's no 
manipulation and no content difficulties; we renegotiate the site after a 
year.

A third part is the work that moderators put into the list and the reason 
that they do this. At the moment, I don't do all that much; Pip is 
handling most of the admin until Sunday. But the admin can get heavy, and 
there is constant advertising, as well as participating in a listserv 
list and an AOL listserv list. The latter in fact is critical.

The criticality forms the fourth part - we tend to get information through
admin of potential trouble-seekers before things happen. Certain sites for
example have been banned from AOL; other sites were banned from Spoons.
Banning a site is serious, but there have been breaches, problems, created
by sysadmins for example. Most of the time there's complete cooperation.

Finally, there is the frame to the list itself which forms the fifth 
component from the viewpoint of the framing-device/framework. Majordomo 
and listserv are entirely different. You would be amazed at the number of 
controls/options which can be set - I would advise anyone studying lists 
to examine the listowners' manual which runs to over 100 pages if it were 
in print. It's constantly being updated. It's harder to get information 
on Majordomo, but there are FAQs available as well.

All of these play a role, mostly invisible, in the running of any list. 
All of them (reading the manual, participating in the other lists, etc.) 
take time. For me, they also occupy considerable space on my Inbox; there 
was a one minute period about five weeks ago when 137 error messages came 
in. All this stuff has to be dealt with.

I'm sure there are things that I'm missing here. One thing I tend to do
now, by the way - when I look at say a MOO or a talker, I want to know
this stuff, the framing devices. I think it's difficult to understand the
interior content without this. For example, on a talker, I can .demote
people to lower categories for misbehaving, and as wizard on a MOO, I can
actually change their programming without their permission. I hadn't
realized any of this until I examined the codes. On a MOO also, by the
way, there are a number of categories, different colors, such as grey, to
indicate problematic users or sites, and a lot of the synchronous CMC
applications have built in filtering. Protection is elaborate and can be 
used or misused; I was victimized on a talker about five weeks ago (I 
wrote about this to the list, Dobie) by someone clearly listening in to 
Paula Davidson's and my conversation - someone who was not present and 
should not have had listening privileges. 

Finally, finally, for a simple list of all user commands on listserv you 
can send to listserv@listserv.aol.com and say info refcard in the text of 
the message.

Alan

From sondheim@panix.comWed Feb 14 15:27:41 1996
Date: Wed, 14 Feb 1996 15:26:21 -0500 (EST)
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>
To: Cyb <cybermind@listserv.aol.com>
Subject: Governance ii

Another and final final final point - as moderators, Pip and I get 
notices every time someone signs on or off the list; by reviewing the 
list periodically, we keep track of total numbers. And people write to us 
(at least to me) complaining about various things, and then possibly 
leaving - in other words, we tend to be near what you might call the 
"temperature" of the list, particularly in regard to lurkers who might 
not say something in public, or in regard to friends who want us to 
know something that they wouldn't post publicly. The last is part of what 
I call the "list aura" which I think is prevalent on and around every 
list - the back-door communications among members that include everything 
from email to MOO meets to fleshmeets, etc. - some of which are publi- 
cized (the meetings) and some of which aren't.

Alan

