
-

(This, a text on modeling for a photographer, is the last of the scanned
and stuttered texts that I will send; again, the body of the text is
necessary and evident - as is the imaginary which infuses the photogra-
phic session, not unlike that of cyberspace. what the camera "captures" 
is a form of embodiment, a mutual construct. It's not, today, that 
photography lies or doesn't lie - it's that it's losing its tether to 
epistemology altogether, at the last in terms of doxa. 1988, published.)


I MODEL FOR YOU


Modelling proceeds from the assumption that repesen tation possesses the
residue of organism, that something remams of interest afler the
photographic session occurs

Modelling also proceeds of course from the presence of the body its
posnion relative to the you, a position occasioned tom your establishment
of a structure Thus it IS only the presence of the body, ftis presence of
this body: an issue of ontology

What could emerge but a psycho or sexual pathology, a chanacterology
rendered immanent and inauthentic by an atmosphene of fiction and hysteric
reduction? E Something akin to Schizophrenia, perhaps the oterdeter-
mination ê! pecsonalrly. Thus a situation in which the spectator is mad,
held in abeyance it is the gaze of the model towards the spectator not the
other way around. 

From this moment on, the completion of the image and as pnesentazon, all
ot the usual issues occur: male and female gaze punctum, etc. But these
are not necessanly inhenent in the modelling session itself which contains
its own modes at representations, con bnually ptaymg off the deployment of
power and sex- uality within a situation as-d, a situation set aside as
the dream is always elsewhere

Ann so my body is an innmanent tornn at exchange; tot you it is a rite at
passage tNere e not ten the inertia at sesuai\ty, the weught at Abe r
aress at l\ghS, cay body would become irbtstbb, totaizeo: nothing and
everything r stmuhaneoustY. tts wsitsithy tot you wouxo be as by tox
myssit at course. 

I am always concerned about the revelation o the sex-; ual organs which
transform the body into a map, an area d stnations governed by the loges d
gesture (non- i distributive, non Boolean) and Transversals. For here is
whene Secrecy lies: here is where the get results in an ! annihilation
aldn to orgasm, a cincumscripbon d the hi body. At a certain point there
is nothing left to give at a certain moment in pornography the horizon d
death |, meets the totalizahon of organs, and so on. Thus I am y i Seduced
and this annihilation is my Comfort; I am ] become you and the session is
close to an end. I lose \ myself in substance the medieval substance ot
light just as pauv e Flaubert loses himself in materiality as Saina
Antoine before nescue by the Signifier ot the sun. Now the photograph is
not the signdier of the body and this absolute reduction is reversed only
by the oc- casion of time the closure of the shutter and the denouement of
the subsequent events m the studio. 

Compare this to the absundity of modelling tor a painter Here one nemains
hour arter hour in a useless posl- tion the pose (which originally had a
narnitive or i chanacterological content) becomes a dozen Signaler
reverbemting against the stillness of the body Nothmg pleasant in this
news tmm nowhene... 

While in photogniphy the pose is everything, andñ, everything prepares to;
n I take a pose and hold it for you; I release it the body moves through
the image i The image is imaginary, the body is always or the way I So
somewhere. (And when you take this picture, I love or hate you for in E am
never neutral . . )

         When I model I desine thou desine the photographer I
         ar d her performance desine this which targets my body, l
 repossesses it. It 1 am clothed, my body fulfills the i function of
clothing; d I am naked, everything is gone, devoured, spent. 

(Is there not a void between technology and body, bet- 
         ween Superstructure and base thnough which desire 
         flows, a mediation which transforms body into tantast? 
         What I desine is an extension of the world, its caress;
         what I desire is loss, and its desire).

         This is a form at gMng, this devouring. The posed body
         is the anorectic body, the body as absolute signifier,
         impenetrable, this is the body of exchange, the body
         d late capitalism in which commoddication and,
         tetishi2ation become one become the Same. The pure
         commodityñthe cohesive bodyñgathers light
         reproduces it as a form of abjedion. Abjedion, since
         light and body are no longer being and not being, See
         and not selt, neither one thing or another (the absent
         entity which exists on flhe temporal interstice d the shua-
         tershudder) the body becomes a re-presenlation, shod
         cincuiting the photographer and the everyday
         simultaneously Ongasm Sloths into the light; the self
         coagulates (a promise of coagulation) against the gnain
         of the negative the See Uevelops, l is hxed. annihilated
         Photography ar d modelling in particular are the inverted
         double of the body of the shaman, and the shaman
         is androgynous

         Thus photography itseh mediates between the real
         (evidence in the scientific sense) and the imaginary
         (the eccentric space of the emtic): an entity embed
         ded into substance or an entity promising substance
         and embedding.

that I am is what I have; what I have is what yyou anew that you are is
what I am; the plateau of my shin Songs to you. What is cneased (embedded)
remains | shadow; what is evident in the light is evidence and is
everywhere Light embeds and reproduces, light uarantees Commodity and
production. 

ach Irom Ihe photography, the camera, the qotographer which provide the
occasion fulfilled z the event and its descriptions) - thene is that
3cessany distrust, that focus of excitement, excitation: if can we do
together? What is the license of the sage? fWhat is the arrangement of
our, mine, desi e? sur occasion?) My body is arranged, rearranged, in y
conceivable (thus appearing that inversion in which my existence is
presence and loss)) position; is the heraldic body, emblematic (of hs
presence, the esence of substance, the mother). Clearly the body an
opening towards the light; the body opens: Ybu lien the body for me. 

 restrained. In this fashion I handly know you. The I Confess everything.
What you want is what you get What you photognaph is the in | vested
double, and I perform for wou. Like a service, 11 I perform for yyou,
pentorm tot myseh. I cannot to begg frank look into a mirror I avdd yyour
eyes I performs far Ihe dead lens which brings my flesh to Ide; ,wuE

           Flesh in its disembodiment. You are the story
           which surrounds me Ybu are the beginning d narrative

           What you pull out d me is an object That object is
           an image, is 3ubsolnce That object cures; you ace a
           curing shaman, mediating the real against ieselt. These
           is nothing spiritual hene in this shamanism; there is
           only the presence of libido, the cincuding of the real,
           the collapse of tantasm, theory, language against the
           neality of the flesh and its excitation Which becomes
           s totalhy, transforms the body into liquidity the learn
           g of the caress.

reality off the flesh and its excitation. Whicn r ecomes a totality
transforms the body into liquidity, the return of the caress

If 1 perform for you, you are the proof. (You do me, do me in). I was this
way, that way I become you, your body your organs (the penetarion of
simultaneity, the absence of time). I don't think didnt think That slow
and deliberate movement I offer my body, Service. My arms, legs, torso,
thighs, everywhere. What I did was slow unlike me then frozen. The thing
flows; n flows; the image is impotent, discarded; what is the time of the
image? T me smears the image (which is completed by perception; wu
complete me). Nothing occurs when the shutter is open the shutter is all
that occurs. Nothing moves or is movement a representation?; the shutter
is all that moves. (What Barthes should nealize, that the punctum occurs
elsewhere, the real inversion of neal flesh occasioned by the photograph;
the image itself is just the residue). Arrangements, the absence of light,
our gins to each other

And this anonectic state is the pen ecf body; the residue is present or
absent, here or there digital. The shud- der of the session from the very
beginning is given purity as the horizon, the endless perfection of
withdrawal. And such withdrawal tends towands denoue- ment abjection,
towards that horizon which returns the everyday as absolute Thus the
everyday guarantees ab- jection I model for you in an hysteric state in
which time comes to an end My body and the body of the anonectic are
carved, carved out; in body I gladly spend myself towards the safety and
solitude oi death in both I am hole again. 

Carnival, plateau, and perforations of the body Even/where illuminations.
I desire you desire the pnesence of the camera. I desire your presence
within me. 

So this is a case of theft and desire like sado- masochism, this is the
desire of the illicit granted by negotiation opening up a forbidden
interiority in which pesence is lost and gained. Just as I am always for
nant, you are always for hine. And this world, lost of late, lost of late
capitalism, is all the capital I have to spend. (So take it fast . . . the
loss of limbs . . . irreparable loss . . . the fading of sexuality . . .
coming quickly . . canessing the image inside bringing it to light . . one
mone time . . . making it hole again

