

-


Manna


So I'm just finishing Allucquere Rosanne Stone's The War of Desire and
Technology at the Close of the Mechanical Age, a book I brought to the
Opening Night performance of Merce Cunningham's company at the Joyce,
Event. The music was by Robert Ashley and Takehisa Kosugi among others (I
had known Ashley years ago; memories were thick), the background by Raus-
chenberg. 

The movements were precise, awkward, perfect, crystalline, intense, as
usual; Cunningham did two solos and interacted twice with the company.
He's quite old. Stone writes about distributed selves and bodies with an
analysis that's somewhat Foucauldian. The gender-changing psychiatrist
figures into the discussion. The gender of the dancers was clear but their
lines were irrelevant and gender did play a role in several pieces al-
though the role was unclear. What was clear was gravity and positioning
and the labor involved which was the inverse of the soundworks, in which
labor in fact was dissipated through electronics; what was necessary as
pure skill in the dance was modulated into chip memory in the sound. These
inversions nonetheless worked well together. The stage like a screen was a
proscenium but the sound like a voice was all around and involving the
spectatorial body. 

What came through was however the grounding in muscle, which years ago
also Carolee Schneeman emphasized, as did Michael McClure among others.
I'd put even Oldenburg in that group, maybe Al Hanson, definitely Beuys
and Vostell. Not the last gasp of modernism, but the presence of flesh _in
the midst of the postmodern,_ in the midst of cyberspace in fact. That the
flesh could always be torn, that the bladerunner with implant and beeper
could still be blown away, that concrete stanchions could surround the
linearity of a railroad car. 

It was and is a combination of this muscle, this flesh, and the stuff of
the world, and the stuff won't go away. Don't assume for a second it will,
not with limited resources and burgeoning populations. And certainly not
with the state of the universe itself, a cosmos of plasma and forgetting,
with planets rare exceptions in the midst of the mass. Even common planets
rare exceptions. The universe roars, dissipates; there's got to be sound
in the sun, hurtling waves through the gases. And it's not organized,
cleansed, binary, perfect - it's the sound of concrete surrounding rail-
road cars (Vostell), the sound of flesh moving at high speed across the
floor (Kimberly Bartosik), the sound of a voice _at work_ describing the
site by the bank of the river which was untoward, a backdrop to local
conversation (Ashley). 

It's dance that reminds us that cross-dressing can only go so far, that
surgery, _incision,_ is necessary for the rest of the gaze. It's Stone's
book, ironically, that reminds us that narrative is still at the heart of
theory; the text is surprisingly linear, simply folding back in upon it-
self. She can't resist a good story, the railroad car can't resist conc-
rete, the dancer can't resist gravity. Whatever defies is only a diacri-
tical mark in the midst of chaos; it won't last long. I imagine however
Merce going on for a few more years, but I found myself immensely sad,
wondering whether this is the last I'll see of his wonderful performances.
He is the last of Buster Keaton; the resemblance and silence is astound-
ing, as is the reliance on gravity to lift one up again. 


