


-


Change


One of the first books I read on Net materials was Bernard Aboba's The 
Online User's Encyclopedia (Bulletin Boards and Beyond), which came out 
in November 1993, less than two and a half years ago. It's still valu- 
able for historic information (beginnings of the Internet, FidoNet and so 
forth), and for basic unix shell information, but it is amazing how much 
is already outdated.

For example: 

It covers talk, but not ntalk or ytalk.

It says nothing about M** clients for pc.

The Web is covered in seven pages; XMosaic, windows Cello, and MacMosaic 
are mentioned - oddly enough, lynx isn't. Netscape and other clients 
aren't either of course.

FTP and Gopher are considered accessible only through unix or clients, 
since the URL protocols were hardly in existence.

MIRC isn't mentioned.

There's a large emphasis on bulletin boards and FidoNet.

There's mention of a graphic MUD, BSXMUD, at robin.lysator.liu.se 7475 
and has anyone tried this out? Apparently "it requires use of special 
client software, only available for the PC."

WAIS is covered in detail. I've yet to have satisfactory searches on WAIS.
There is excellent information throughout on SLIP, PPP, and TCP/IP 
including some of the port numbers for telnet (available elsewhere in 
full). 

There is full information on BITNET including however the statement that 
"With universities turning away from mainframes and embracing the 
Internet, BITNET membership peaked in 1991, and is now slowly shrinking."

The Internet backbone is still NSFNET.

There are few ISPs listed, although Echo in New York; The World 
(world.std.com) in Massachusetts; The Well, Hybrid Networks, and The 
Holonet in California; Old Colorado City Communications; and Netcom 
(based in California but national) are all singled out.

There's almost nothing on AOL, CompuServe, etc. although there are two 
graphics pages "A Day in the Life of a CompuServe User" and the same for 
AOL - the Net is pretty much absent on these except for email.

CompuServe's rates are interesting - $39.95 startup, and 9600 bps for $16 
an hour on on eplan, $22.50 on another!
AOL lists for $9.95 a month plus $3.50 an hour.
Delphi's got $5.95 a month plus $6 an hour.
I do like the Dow Jones New Retrieval for primetime at $12.60 to $129.60 
an hour.
The Well is listed for $15 a month and $2 an hour.
All of these rates have dropped considerably.

At the time of the book, there were 4000 newsgroups and 2 million users; 
now Netcom alone carries over 16000 newsgroups.

You get the picture. Even now, there's no sign of things slowing down 
except for the entrenchment of M**, IRC, and email list communities. The 
newer search engines for example (Inktomi, Altavista) are rapidly re- 
placing the others. Audio, video, and extended graphics/animation modal- 
ities are coming to the foreground. Software beta versions are appearing 
at an increasingly fast rate, which means that the hacking ethos as 
opposed to top-down tested approaches is coming back into style. More 
alpha versions are being released as well.

Silicon valley extends world-wide, with particularly heavy development in 
the United States, Canada, and the Scandinavian countries. The Net in one 
form or another is spreading in much the same way that television/radio 
did, in spite of the increased complexity of CMC - there are no galena 
crystals in cyberspace. The information industry is becoming more and 
more sweatshop-oriented as a result.

It's anybody's guess where we'll be five years from now. In the meantime 
the Aboba book provides an interesting historic document; you might also 
want to look at Hobbes' Internet Timeline which is always being updated, 
and invaluable books like Peter H. Salus' Casting the Net, From Arpanet 
to Internet and Beyond... or Carl Malamud, Exploring the Internet, A 
Technical Travelogue, written in 1993 as well, covering world-wide Net 
implementations and their histories.

