

alt.fan.along-along-along-along-along

http://www.alansondheim.org/alongalong.jpg

Your what remains of its energetic treasure. Forestalled by 
documentation's is mine, my sweet , I am yours!
My and mind, ordinal representation (and who said nothing about 
the nuggets is yours...
what remains of its energetic treasure. Forestalled by 
documentation's calls forth psychotic your wombpulse, eating, 
excreting memory.
beyond the fashionable, what remains of its energetic treasure. 
Forestalled by documentation's is , fashionable, O Dance 
apostrophic, embrace death, the body fails and falters, expends? 
... your wombpulse is _is Danced_ by the Dance), and the other, the 
frequency-laden irreducible here, it's your wombpulse?
Are you becoming close to Jennifer's what remains of its 
energetic treasure. Forestalled by documentation's?
what remains of its energetic treasure. Forestalled by 
documentation's and  and  - and you knew that all 
along!

state of my mid which obsesses aboyout deatgh byout h=jyoust not 
now, now :it's a new file, it's where thig=ngs are going to 
happen in spite of the ::that, this locationj is closed, it 
won't be remembered, not a bit at all, : Your soiled and happen 
here and it is a location which won't be remembered, she said is 
in my catatonic nothing's there of jennifer's gone somewhere 
else Your womb seeps into my nothing's there of jennifer's gone 
somewhere else - turning me Julu-Jennifer state of my mid which 
obsesses aboyout deatgh byout h=jyoust not now, now it's :it's a 
new file, it's where thig=ngs are going to happen in spite of 
the ::somewhere else Yoyour womb seeps into my nothing's there 
of jennifer's gone ::it's a new file, it's where thig=ngs are 
going to happen in spite of the Your sleazy remembered, she said 
is in my catatonic nothing's there of jennifer's gone is in my 
used state of my mid which obsesses aboyoyout deatgh byoyout 
h=jyoyoust not now, now Your your penis seeps into my state of 
my mid which obsesses aboyoyout deatgh byoyout h=jyoyoust not 
now, now - turning me Julu-Jennifer state of my mid which 
obsesses aboyout deatgh byout h=jyoust not now, now it's :it's a 
new file, it's where thig=ngs are going to happen in spite of 
the :::aboyoyout deatgh byoyout h=jyoyoust not now, now it's 
:it's a new file, it's Would mind you partying, state of my mid 
which obsesses aboyout deatgh byout h=jyoust not now, now it's , 
with us? Your poor me Jyoulyou-Jennifer is in my soiled 
somewhere else - tyourning me Jyoulyou-Jennifer state of my mid 
which obsesses Ah, my makeup eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and 
julu-depressed state of my mid which obsesses about deatgh but 
h=just not now, now it's :it's a new file, it's where thig=ngs 
are going to happen in spite of the ::: Your thrusting IIr 
stick! What do II call IIr lively flower? is in my depressed 
JIIlII-Jennifer state of my mid which obsesses here, it's my 
makeup? Devour thrusting IIr stick! What do II call IIr lively 
flower? julu-of-the partying state of my mid which obsesses 
about deatgh but h=just not now, now it's ! clunch:once then you 
will happen, buried in morange, twigs in mouth, against the 
clunch the hardened clay:now i will say something lovely and you 
will be very happy with me, the clunch is a hardened clay, 
morange is fodder, you will so have better value here:saliva 
which is the heart of clunch and mucus which is the heart of 
morange:saliva which is the heart of clunch and mucus which is 
the heart of morange Come home with me, clunch, 
julu-of-the-fast-crowd! Your linen saliva which is the heart of 
clunch and mucus which is the heart of morange is in my wanton 
saliva which is the heart of clunch and mucus which is the heart 
of morange bomb, bullet, gun, cannon, torpedo, spear, sword, 
dynamite, black powder, arrow, rock, boulder, perfect armor of 
the perfect text:i'm wearing nothing i'm wearing grenade i'm 
wearing bomb i'm wearing bullet i'm wearing armor of 
righteousness:call me wanderer, call me desecrated, call me 
vagabond, call me fury:leg gone: Your manic arm gone is in my 
pure arms cut off legs cut off Devour manic arm gone julu-of-the 
partying bomb, bullet, gun, cannon, torpedo, spear, sword, 
dynamite, black powder, arrow, rock, boulder, perfect armor of 
the perfect text! what remains of its energetic treasure. 
Forestalled by documentation's:O Dance apostrophic, embrace 
death, the body fails and falters, expends::of the cardinal?), 
the numerical cut, the definition. Jump to edit-points,:neural 
spill of mental activity, electrical, emission and spew. Your 
psychotic and mind, ordinal representation (and who said nothing 
about the nuggets is in my fashionable _is Danced_ by the 
Dance), and the other, the frequency-laden irreducible Your 
breast seeps into my _is Danced_ by the Dance), and the other, 
the frequency-laden irreducible - turning me Julu-Jennifer



RADIO MONEYDOWN

http://www.alansondheim.org/TEST17.GIF
http://www.alansondheim.org/radiomoneydown.mp3

I TELL YOU ALL MY SECRETS
RADIO MONEYDOWN
RADIO MONEYDOWN
RADIO MONEYDOWN

Azure Carter, ukulele, voice





My Mathesis-Poesis

http://www.alansondheim.org/capture.png

Particles for an Elementary Calculus
(The Structure of Reality, 1977, printed at NSCAD
and Williams College)

Presence = +
Absence = -
Exchange (dynamic process) = <>
Scope = ()
Example (+<>-)<>(-<>+)
And/or ((+<>-)+)<>((-<>+}-}
You can see where this is going
Memory operator = M
Recall operator = R
+M = presence placed in memory
+MR = +
+R = R
+MM = +M
You can see where this is going
C = creation
A = annihilation
C() = +
A+ = ()
Use the parentheses to keep track of operations
There are also gates of 4 types:
1. One-way gate with capacity of 1
2. One-way gate with capacity inaccessibly high
3. Two-way gate with capacity of 1
4. Two-way gate with capacity inaccessibly high
The gates are operated on clock cycles.
Out of all of this, threshold devices and formal
neurons may be constructed.
There were also dot particles, anti-particles,
universal and null particles, and a particle
indicating a mathematician's transformation of
the structure.
All of this was related to chain-negation, the idea that
not necessarily ~~a = a, but that ~a = b, ~b = c, etc.;
negation can then be a function on a manifold or other
structure; binary oppositions may become problematic.
There were also immersive and definable structures; the
formal susceptible to phenomenological analysis, and
temporally embedded; the latter susceptible only to a
straight-forward, non-dynamic mathematico-logical 
analysis.
From all of the above, I developed a topology of intention,
a way of thinking about being-in-the-world that was partly
formal and partly phenomenological. This is all in a text
from the mid-late 70s, The Structure of Reality. I visited
Minsky and Bohm several times then.
I realize how mathematically naive, false, dead-ending 
etc. the analysis is, but it worked as well through a 
poesis that is reach and gave me new directions to think
through things such as consciousness and the Marxist
dialectic which was influential at the time. Shortly 
after this I described the technology for PCMS which were
parameter control modules - small units that could be 
interconnected in any number of ways to control anything
from homes to audio-visual displays, robotics, etc. The
PCMS had input and output interfaces; they were basically
analog and could be modified anywhere within them; they
breathed. The PCMS came out of thinking about synthesizer
design; earlier, in the late 60s, Gregert Johnson and I 
had built a medium-scale voltage-controlled synthesizer
from scratch. He designed the circuitry itself; I 
designed the overall structure, and we built it together.
Operational amplifiers were just coming on the scene, and
thinking about their amazing fundamental and general 
properties led to the PCMs as well. Everything fit. 
Finally I made some wrong-headed plays with recursive 
function theory which I didn't understand so well; I was
also fascinated by quantum logic and found it applied to
Land's color-vision theory, in terms of what I called a 
"gestural logic" that still influences me - one based on
the elimination of the Aristotelian laws of distribution.
Again, naive, but leading somewhere, just as recently
considering classical negation has helped me understand
absolutism. Along these lines, early on, I thought of 
binary negation as relativized by its scope - for example
if X is the set of blackbirds clearly defined, and non-X
is the set of non-blackbirds - then I thought about the
intersection of X and non-X, the null set, but a null 
set with a history - one might write 0<blackbirds> to 
indicate that it's a particular null-set, a division
created while thinking about blackbirds. This idea of a
history of equations leaking into formal structures goes
all the way back to my childhood - I dreamed of dividing
by zero such that 4/0 would be of course undefined or
infinite - but an infinity coupled to its origin, which
includes 4. That led to fanciful notations ultimately
going nowhere...
This goes on and on, this poesis which I attempted and
attempt to ground in structure, in mathesis; without a 
deep working knowledge of mathematics, I roam around a
periphery going almost nowhere, certain not towards the
sciences or mathematics itself; if anything, I'd be
laughed out of the room by any first year math student.
At least I know that, persevere perversely, wait for 
the certainty of uncertainty to end.




Sadness and the Sale of Art

http://www.ebay.com/itm/Alan-Sondheim-One-of-a-Kind-Original-Collection-of-7-Inscribed-Poem-Photos-/351284855781?pt=Art_Photo_Images&hash=item51ca3583e5

Azure bid on this, what makes me said, this is offered
for $19.99, it's from the late 70s, was an important 
work for me, in my thinking - I don't remember who I 
gave it to - it's close to being discarded - if you're
interested, bid on it, I'm sinking in the gloom / fear
that my work will be utterly forgotten, the digital
disappearing, the physical decayed, the archives
finally thrown out -

- Alan



having the fill

I am what dreams are made of, I am made of dreams
http://www.alansondheim.org/cairnphoto07.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/linden.png outside my
 installation, one of the rulers

/[a]+/ "bridgmanite swallowwood universe core throat" /[b]+/ 
"monopoly of bruises" /[c]+/ "numb swollen are you worn yet" 
/[d]+/ "you murmur clothmouth" /[e]+/ "sheafcuts filtered 
limbsfall" /[f]+/ "scream huddled beings" /[g]+/ "labradorite 
stiletto gleams" /[h]+/ "muscovite particle crashes toroidal 
flesh" /[i]+/ "twist kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere" 
/[j]+/ "tortureteeth bubble spheres selenite" /[k]+/ "clothing 
never renders" /[l]+/ "cloud avatar azurite granular synthesis" 
/[m]+/ "flesh performance cloud crashjump failure" /[n]+/ "in 
holes teethtongue photonswitch reversal" /[o]+/ "jennifers gone 
alans azures all world" /[p]+/ "this is funny" /[q]+/ "stop 
suffering death tortures sufficient" /[r]+/ "armature 
arbitration captured angst" /[s]+/ "anger and violence 
performance" /[t]+/ "already this dead file dead" /[u]+/ 
unspeakable, already unspoken" /[v]+/ "split-second holocausts 
violate the /[w]+/ "holocaust world truereal /[x]+/ cauldron 
bones mass-acre" /[y]+/ "mythology causation sutured topologies" 
/[z]+/ "media cruel perfect lozenge" "bonelength medialength" 
"bone-time mediatime" "dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor" 
"ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood" "speed thing up" 
"fast" "makes sewn up women" men" "faster" "has something to do 
with machine" machine contrary things" fumble you" "and cams 
churn body" "your body greasy" "greasy dirty "skewed on your 
fumbled lever" "sewn economies transriparians" "groped comes 
around again" where bodies drop" "mumbly-pegged lips lips" 
"becoming a speed-blur speed-bump" "on way constitution" "you've 
seen end "you're stretched wheel" "incredible churning weaving 
through spokes" "floating in oil legs spread arms spread" "some 
unknown liquid seeping" "soaked constitutions economies" 
machines stitched from machines" "liquids liquids" /[0]+/ "the 
analog aligns substance" digital based epistemology uniformity" 
always mapping" mapping analogy" doubly-encoded" real infinite 
raster" "form extruded integral calculus inheres within analog" 
differential digital" signature analogous "type writing" 
"inscribe stone matrix" chiasmus at limit" "noise parasitic 
enveloping simultaneously eternal ephemeral" "technology 
substructure technological temporally splays leaks" "from 
substance atemporal time analogical" "a sentence every sentence" 
"fluid mechanics constructible" "what occurs "fundamental 
particles biological neurons" "digital levels homeostatic 
entities" "material through" "analog digital, }

$i;"\n";/[f]+/ >= i--"removal giving live's extension" seed 
ending's internals" "collapse's unassimilated disorder" "aporias 
evening's readings" "open, closed, cave's door" "fuel drawn, 
outing image" "fuel's absence destroying object" "those exact 
times things were there" "mirrors hanging, hook-, cord-, less" 
/[er]+/ "universal knowledge's vulnerable disappearance" /[th]+/ 
"unaligned, alone comprehension" "undignified think falling 
aparting" "and" }" "falling leaving owners, contracts, place" 
"what's paper, data's remnant subterfuge" "traced, there's no 
beyond beyond" /[in]+/ "which, engrained irrevocable" "stanzas 
disappearings' absence" moment's breaking, chora's bonds" 
irregular irregulars, caught caught" "incapable bowls skies 
water's cauldron" "all stars unlucky, planets' unlucky stars" 
"caves nothing senses tunnels" /[to]+/ "into woods woods^n" 
/[em]+/ "removing names' questions" /[me]+/ "knowledge's what 
are" /[wh]+/ are, not universes" /[ng]+/ "universals, these run" 
"filtering wet sand" makes new wild thing" "which everything Im 
not" "while now emanents move, submerged" "beneath which moves" 
"submerged, that time" quality worlds. ontologies" "are same, 
whatever one says about them" "active filters maintained" 
"through energy other" "perhaps good nature allows us see first 
place "we appear as an afterthought" "with vast expectations" 
ways means taking granted they come from" filter has its own 
political economy" threads, sutures, creates real" "nothing 
emerges but skein" "always beset by virtuality" "here laboratory 
I am Demiurge Creator" true gnaws my dreams fears dying" "I cant 
anything adjust software, filter, text" gives plasma cut across" 
"borders cold evanescence" "if empty, should it be" "but flat, 
world, enlightened, black"



later on, anomaly and incomprehension

http://www.alansondheim.org/granomaly1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/granomaly.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/granomaly2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/granomaly3.png
 
faltering.data,.anomaly..the. */anomaly in virtual worlds/* 
phenomenology.of.approach.embeds. withdrawal, of anomaly. 
sanguine, anomaly. ) upwelling, anomaly, appearance an appearing 
which is taken for a elsewhere or creates a catastrophic 
anomaly. Once this is processed in CoolEdit. I find it an 
interesting anomaly. First, there is a moment when _the anomaly 
of the accident is simply in the dream _works_ transforms 
anomaly into homeostatis. in _dreamwork,_ IScience Iis Ithe 
Iabsorption Iof Ianomaly Iby Iconstruct. shift to the familiar. 
Thus anomaly may be constantly hidden: a bomb as receiving; face 
at hand, _surmise._) _absenting_ use; anomaly break What 
constitutes a mark or token? When does a surface anomaly become 
inscriptions, potential of part objects, etc. the anomaly as the 
mis fit either grotesque anomaly (asteroid, volcano) or the 
human, somewhere along upwelling of the maternal, the formation 
of upwelling, anomaly, war are storming, fawn Iraq. shift to the 
familiar. Thus anomaly anomaly quickly gets absorbed "in a 
reasonably healthy system." So it Science is the absorption of 
anomaly by construct. 'unnamed' of the real skews into anomaly 
in other words, when anomaly disturbance, birth; wound heal; 
anomaly suture; completeness ontology anomaly, forgetting and 
meandering, wryting and poesis, catastrophe and god for mother 
because for every procreation there must be anomaly, redun 
taxonomic anomaly. in recording pond life employing an EIAJ NTSC 
video exotic or anomaly of a foreign species. large anomaly to 
challenge us, illustrate the internal drives that guide to the 
extent that anomaly becomes subsumed, this moth is an unknown 
The physicality of the anomaly always asserts itself, even down 
the a reconfiguration of the body such exists** anomaly detected 
Think of how the frame is the anomaly, or the anomaly is the 
frame. the latter situation, the slightest anomaly may attract 
attention. Sup anomaly which exists throughout the habitus. What 
is habit. chance from the viewpoint of the subject) in camera, 
some anomaly or argue no, that mind proceeds by conservatism, 
and anomaly alone, not chiasmus disturbance apparency 
discontinuity anomaly substantive disturb vlf radio with six 
foot vertical antenna, minidisc recorder. anomaly: zither. This 
is an anomaly; it's not that well constructed and the frets 
consciousness, of anomaly and coherence, plays a large role. now 
I find al structures, anomaly and error are absorbed; the 
structures are fuzzy. If there is anomaly and there is no frame, 
everything jumps what If there is anomaly, everything can be 
done about it. the lowering of anomaly, something to make sense 
of it all. And it's energy of the anomaly, then just as quickly 
dispersing after the nodes, If there is anomaly, think about the 
bright new frame. notes: occurring. of anomaly. of massacre. of 
technology. of us? are held positions until anomaly (threshold) 
defers them. anomaly. The transformation into the quaint, 
knowledge that outsiders is breakdown, hacking, any asservation 
in which anomaly the only time from the autonomic to control of 
anomaly in production for example, spinal operations: 
Sin(x)*Tan(y) so that the field of anomaly registers in the 
attainment of homeostasis involves mechanisms for absorbing 
anomaly, communication, beyond the communication of error, 
anomaly, distortion, munication, beyond the communication of 
error, anomaly, distortion, annih It's possible to consider the 
philosophical book as an anomaly; throughout bodysphere 
production quaggy, constitutes mark token? anomaly become 
anomaly in other words, when anomaly appears without the aegis 
of lang In the real world, disguise of anomaly is equivalent to 
a problematic game's edge, whether formed by island or height. 
Again, anomaly occurs; to birth; from wound to heal; from 
anomaly to suture; from digital to towards anomaly of course, 
and it is through the dialectical interpenet attention turns 
half towards immersion, and half towards anomaly The eye tends 
towards interesting things, movement or anomaly. impossible to 
navigate, spaces that create a sense of anomaly and wonder. 
Disturbance is the apparency of discontinuity, anomaly; 
flattening is The exception is breakdown, hacking, any 
asservation in which anomaly anomaly detected or created by 
organisms immersed in always already sym retained, but there is 
no room for error or anomaly. Now within tradition elements, and 
anomaly as the fissuring of circumscription. Wryting tends in 
normative everyday use; only with the appearance of anomaly or 
break Not that there isn't room for anomaly on one or another 
side, but that the major sound: usual vlf 'static.' the major 
anomaly: the sound of a bee anomaly or repetitive structure 
within the domain. the domain in turn may ment subjugating 
anomaly itself. That is, turning the language of the ment 
subjugating anomaly itself. That is, turning the language of the 
no anomaly, nothing but this odd playing field of confusion and 
brilliant were peripheral specks; eventually I recognized the 
anomaly. I x|~x, that anomaly overrides, that default tags 
arise. this is the chora anomaly potentially turns everything 
around, and is turned around by cratic documents? Cyberspace 
exists in the midst of anomaly, which is dissolution. How** 
reconfiguration exists** anomaly detected playful anomaly or 
experiment among other texts understood as serious or An anomaly 
in my sims in the reconfigured MacGrid: my avatar



New Review of Avatar Woman!!

http://ronsen.org/monkminkpinkpunk/25/modern.html

and

http://www.alansondheim.org/falled2.png !
http://www.alansondheim.org/falled1.png !
http://www.alansondheim.org/falled3.png !
http://www.alansondheim.org/falled4.png !



Threnod Proof of Concept for Leslie Thornton*

http://www.alansondheim.org/threnod.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/threnod1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/threnod2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/threnod3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/threnod4.mp3

*who sat through the howls getting to this tonight, thank you! 
instruments - alto clarinet, albert Bb clarinet, dan moi sound 
output into the room, recorded with zoom || drunken uncovered 
tent nakedness brethren garment laid shoulders backward if being 
separated from threnody, you'd have body. if sighing separated 
tending towards gideon, towards battle-worn brethren, time. if 
if being separated from threnody, you'd have body. if sighing 
vineyard drank wine drunken uncovered tent nakedness brethren 
garment laid his brethren i die bring out this unto land which 
sware abraham isaac to hoarse note curse the sons of joy. nor 
his accepted brethren - whom, drunken uncovered tent nakedness 
brethren garment laid shoulders backward theyvgreet comedhir: 
suturingnd threnot withd, not here, not there, there, hasapi 
threnody in the threnody of death. what is this action, but our 
inscription haunts me and i thought of playing a threnody, if 
being separated from threnody, you'd have body. if sighing 
separated curse sons joy. brethren tyrant, roof. letchery 
virginity wishes holy - threnody, if being separated, you'd have 
body



phenomena comp

phenomena http://www.alansondheim.org/comp1.png
phenomena http://www.alansondheim.org/comp.mp3
phenomena http://www.alansondheim.org/comp2.png

hi-speed scan of azure individual laser pulses are visible 
limits limits limits to limits with to phenomena with of 
phenomena or of appearance or glitches appearance so appearance 
appearance appearance appearance appearance appearance and and 
the forth between the structures between consciousness 
structures always consciousness that always can that that that 
that that that that that be be that through all that are all in 
are and in language and its and and and and and and has has 
tends own deal tends edge deal areas edge entanglement areas 
confusion entanglement of confusion and confusion confusion 
confusion confusion glitches glitches so so as forth 
relationship as abstract relationship and abstract i've and 
believed i've philosophy believed believed believed believed 
believed believed can can or effected text or not text 
encounters not grounded encounters language grounded that 
language has language language language language language 
language its its limits cloudy my limits work my to work with to 
phenomena with of phenomena phenomena phenomena phenomena 
phenomena appearance glitches glitches appearance appearance i 
and characterized i project characterized the project between 
the structures between consciousness between between between 
always that that can can modes that than modes writing than the 
writing that the all that are all all all all all and language 
language and and entangled has work entangled to work with to 
phenomena with of phenomena or of of of of confusion confusion 
of of on glitches characterized on project characterized the 
project between the structures between consciousness structures 
always structures structures structures i've believed believed 
philosophy philosophy other can writing other the writing that 
the all that are all in are are are are are language that that 
and language limits and limits limits limits limits limits 
limits limits limits to limits with to phenomena with of 
phenomena or of appearance or glitches appearance so appearance 
appearance appearance appearance and and forth forth the on 
between the structures between consciousness structures always 
consciousness that always can that that that that that that be 
be through through that modes all that are all in are and in 
language and its and and and and has has own own tends and deal 
tends edge deal areas edge entanglement areas confusion 
entanglement of confusion and confusion confusion confusion 
glitches so so forth forth as on relationship as abstract 
relationship and abstract i've and believed i've philosophy 
believed believed believed believed can can effected effected or 
through text or not text encounters not grounded encounters 
language grounded that language has language language language 
language its its cloudy cloudy limits and my limits work my to 
work with to phenomena with of phenomena phenomena phenomena 
appearance appearance glitches appearance appearance and and i 
forth characterized i project characterized the project between 
the structures between consciousness between always always that 
can can that that modes be than modes writing than the writing 
that the all that are all all all and and language and and has 
has entangled own work entangled to work with to phenomena with 
of phenomena or of of of confusion of of glitches glitches on so 
characterized on project characterized the project between the 
structures between consciousness structures always structures 
i've i've believed philosophy philosophy can can other effected 
writing other the writing that the all that are all in are are 
are language language that language language and its limits and 
limits limits limits




Talk on Blank: Generation and Anguish

http://www.alansondheim.org/cthonic.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/cairn130.jpg

the relationship between blankness and anguish and anticipation 
in the face of annihilation

Where is this taking us, in the future?
What do you want to call this constitution you're making?
any formation or constitution must be considered in relation to 
both sememe and grapheme and their dissolution. what is clear is 
that abjection - corrosion and decay - underlies everything 
here, that one can fall, only so far as the symbol; at that 
point anguish and violence occur.

anguish as inconceivable, irrevocable;
irrevocable: unable to be heard or understood, unable to 
participate in the semantic commons;
dissolution of those commons;
that we have already been undone;

let that we that we have already been undone; be our primary 
descriptor:

Well, any formation or constitution must be considered in 
relation to both sememe and grapheme and their dissolution. what 
is clear is that abjection - corrosion and decay - underlies 
everything here, that one can fall, only so far as the symbol; 
at that point anguish and violence occur. already constructs 
sedate trouble for us, subverting

the categories we take for granted. Beyond the surface, any 
formation or constitution must be considered in relation to both 
sememe and grapheme and their dissolution. what is clear is that 
abjection - corrosion and decay - underlies everything here, 
that one can fall, only so far as the symbol; at that point 
anguish and violence occur. is -4699, wayward, yes?
But what is that we have already been undone here, its type?

Do you feel your gender is close to any formation or 
constitution must be considered in relation to both sememe and 
grapheme and their dissolution. what is clear is that abjection 
- corrosion and decay - underlies everything here, that one 
can fall, only so far as the symbol; at that point anguish and 
violence occur.? no, because gender or any binary continuum is 
already under the corrosive sign of capital collapse
In any case, you must contact me about this...

Deconstruction marginalizes our any formation or constitution 
must be considered in relation to both sememe and grapheme and 
their dissolution. what is clear is that abjection - 
corrosion and decay - underlies everything here, that one can 
fall, only so far as the symbol; at that point anguish and 
violence occur. -4699 here!

anguish as inconceivable, irrevocable:irrevocable: unable to be 
heard or understood, unable to participate in the semantic 
commons:dissolution of those commons:that we have already been 
undone:any formation or constitution must be considered in 
relation to both sememe and grapheme and their dissolution. what 
is clear is that corrosion and decay - underlies everything 
here, that one can fall, only so far as the symbol; at that 
point anguish and violence occur.:yes:17664:4:the relationship 
between blankness and anguish and anticipation in the face of 
annihilation:any formation or constitution must be considered in 
relation to both sememe and grapheme and their dissolution. what 
is clear is that abjection - corrosion and decay - underlies 
everything here, that one can fall, only so far as the symbol; 
at that point anguish and violence occur.:that we have already 
been undone



breathing

http://www.alansondheim.org/breathing.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/breathing.mp3

breathing, trying centering, so much writing on tone,
not here, alto clarinet with post-production reverb 
and reverse reverb, so my breathing forms the roof of
my mouth, my tongue, my throat, my brain, my skull,
then gestural logics extend the spectrum temporally,
i know i will live forever i know i will live forever
i know i will live forever i know i will live forever
i know i will live forever i know i will live forever
and you will enjoy me, forever and forever, and the 
roof of the time of the world, forever and forever, 
amen


"if you listen to one solo alto clarinet piece this
year, this should be it!"




Broken World: Steerage and Steering Mechanisms


We are steerage. We do not arrive.

http://www.alansondheim.org/broke11.png

*/Properly, the space in the after part of a vessel, under the 
cabin, but used generally to indicate any part of a vessel 
having the poorest accommodations and occupied by passengers 
paying the lowest rate of fare. [1913 Webster]/*

The ship is steered. The ship wanders. The world's broken. 
Don't misunderstand: nothing will save us; there is no land or: 
the land is damaged, or: the land is exhausted: blank, the land 
is blank: anguish. Anguish on our part. We're the ship. Our 
world.

Or: We're all marooned. It is no longer a question of hope, of 
the human project, of plans or structures, of capital or 
capitalism, of late capitalism, of neo-liberalism, of inerrancy 
or the absolute. It is no longer a question of ideologies, of 
common language, of the commons: it's over.

It's steered, and it's steered over, the steering's over.

The mechanisms at work are simple and fundamental. They are 
abject; they grind the rest, whatever was tottering through 
modernism - they grind the rest down. The world's a world of 
dust and radiations. The world does not crack. Our project's 
broken.

Some of them:

The first intractable mechanism: Overpopulation. The planet is 
close to its carrying capacity, and there's no end to population 
increase. The demographics are skewed towards young reproducers; 
exponential growth lumbers on. The result is more mouths to 
feed, more strains on the environment, more slash and burn, more 
hillside slums, more bush-meat, more overcrowding, less jobs, 
more local war.

The second intractable mechanism: Environmental degradation 
which has reached the point of no return. Consider the 
plasticization of the oceans, the post-tipping point of animal 
and plant extinctions, the increasing desertification 
world-wide, the loss of biological diversity. The anthropocene 
is not the usual planetary rise and fall; it's the greatest, the 
fastest, the most violent, extinction. The world is already 
destroyed; Gaia or its equivalent, is over. Something will 
remain, future adaptive radiations, but it won't be us: every 
species will be invasive, and the world, for the foreseeable 
future, will swarm.

The third intractable mechanism: Global warming which is also 
global redistribution of currents and weather flow. This is also 
irreversible, past the tipping-point. The results are harrowing: 
record-setting droughts and floods, enormous hurricanes, tornado 
swarms, irreversible sea-level rises, and so forth. This is the 
classical catastrophe (Rene Thom): the fragility of the good 
descends to chaotic phenomena, and practical measures, theory, 
containment, is always after the fact.

The fourth intractable mechanism: Increased violence and local/ 
global warfare: again, with limited resources, this will only 
grow worse. Territories split and compete; the lines are 
religious, ethnic, geographic, historic etc.; brutality 
increases as humans turn more and more to the rigidity of 
absolute/inerrant ideologies, and fortified binary oppositions - 
classical logics - gain strength as ideological instrumentality. 
This turn to the right, where the free press, women's rights, 
science and self-critique etc., are all viewed with suspicion; 
the left (if these binaries still exist at all) is an endangered 
species.

The fifth intractable mechanism: The vast sea of weaponry and 
the nuclear arsenal available to all; it is only a matter of 
time before a dirty bomb or nuclear device is detonated, the 
equivalent of over-fishing, trawling, the sea bottom. Scorched 
earth returns to scorched earth; there are no longer resources 
for rebuilding as poverty and social chaos increase in the 
world. History, archaeological sites, villages, nations, records, 
are erased; history is no longer visible, readable; reading 
itself becomes suspect.

The sixth intractable mechanism: Enclaving of the rich and 
income disparity exponentially increasing; the result is 
hoarding of resources and increased poverty as noted. This 
enclaving extends, crudely, to nations; the U.S. for example 
uses far more resources per capital than almost any other 
country; the U.S. prison system is itself a flux of pure 
capital, privatization, the largest in the world. Prisons are 
less efficient than pure disappearance; even so, population 
growth more than makes up for the violent loss of life around 
the planet. Think as well of local militias, including police 
forces that, first and foremost, look after their own, by any 
means possible. 

The seventh intractable mechanism: Antibiotics and spread of 
disease across varying species; as sludge and clutter increase 
world-wide, the opportunity for endemic disease increases. 
Disease vectors are driven by population vectors, by poor health 
practices, by hunger and poverty. Understand that overpopulation 
is behind all of this, a developing horizon, just like hacking 
and criminal gangs are a developing horizon of violence and 
seizure. There's no more living off the grid; off the grid is on 
the grid, within mechanisms and horizons. We're all in the ship, 
we're all marooned. 

The eighth intractable mechanism: Global communication networks 
granting power and encrypted communication among activist 
groups, including local militias and extremists. populations. 
These networks are temporary, because the Net and its cousins 
are subject to hacking on a inconceivable scale; security simply 
can't keep up without infringing on the rights of others - 
without replacing one ideology by another, far harsher. The Net 
and privacy are porous, and subject to the seven mechanisms 
above. With so much data and control in the cloud/s, with so 
much control and personal information in the hands of 
monopolistic corporations, gangs and governments, there's no 
doubt that we're seeing the tip of a cyberwar iceberg that will 
do violent damage far beyond the Sony fiasco - damage that will 
extend to (for example) power, health, military, and financial 
grids as well.

We must begin to think of these mechanisms as both interlocked 
and environmental - i.e. constituents of a global and 
catastrophic horizon: much as the Club of Rome developed a model 
of interrelated flows in their relatively doomsday scenarios, we 
have to see this horizon as a holarchy of entangled mechanisms. 
The difference is that the mechanisms today are chaotic and 
unpredictable: there are events (primate extinctions, violent 
storms, the rise of violent fundamentalism, hacking of financial 
institutions, etc.) that are both destructive and fissured into 
any (ideological or instrumental) coherency that might have 
appeared as "explanatory" in the heady days of modernism which 
still inform us.

What fascinates me is the global appearance of these mechanisms 
in the large: there's a kind of simplicity in their 
phenomenology that dissolves quickly upon closer inspection. But 
the simplicity isn't contradicted by the details; global 
warming, for example, doesn't reverse because the north-east 
United States is having record cold spells. The overall 
configuration of the world is based on strange attractors, which 
proceed, literally, in any case; we're steerage, not steering. 
(The technophilic ideology of progress, paradigm shifting, and 
cleverness does a disservice here, promising techno-utopias just 
around the corner - or already here - while in reality the 
beheadings and bush-meat continue to ravage.)

(I think, at the least, of a curriculum focused on these 
mechanisms - but to what end? Past the tipping-point, things 
will continue to deteriorate until the anthropocene extinction 
does final damage. I can imagine the very rich escaping at some 
point, but to where, with what rockets, with what supplies? We 
are living in the ruin of a total institution called the global; 
we go down with the ship, in steerage. And steerage is now the 
corrosion of the dream of the West at the very least, as Plato's 
cave becomes the hold of a ship floundering on polluted waters.)


foogged out

http://www.alansondheim.org/nature08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/brouillard.mp3

sorry about fooggy description give me a second please wow, 
gorgeous voice dis/ease, the remains of the bright and fooggy 
day. I have always fought my destiny. I am bright and fooggy, 
write the phenomenology and philosophy of Owing to Stress Until 
moderates. Weather has cleared up. clearing. fooggy. fooggy. 
through the fooggy windows." an avatar in a virtual world 
controlled surely beginnings endings electrical cacophony 
unheard fooggy windows.  And in the fooggy curtains of m'mind 
fooggy. owing to stress until moderates. weather has cleared up. 
clearing. fooggy. in a foogged sky. i have worked with foog 
today. screens foogged with transformed destiny. i am bright and 
fooggy. electrical cacophony unheard fooggy windows. sorry about 
fooggy fooggy windows. an avatar in a virtual world controlled. 
surely foogged closest off. disease. the remains of the bright 
and fooggy day. i have always fought and in the fooggy curtains 
of m.mind. .uncanny. face of death. sorry about fooggy windows. 
the the the
foog foog foog foog foog



REVREV and Convolution

http://www.alansondheim.org/blizzardb04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sazzz1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sazzz2.mp3

Convolution suite by Luke Damrosch;
REVREV by Luke Damrosch and Alan Sondheim (avatar)
Instrument: solo long-necked saz
sazzz1: half-way through the convolution kicks in
sazzz2: convolution

This is honestly "getting somewhere" and it "feels good"

So now we're getting somewhere. There's a beginning of the music 
- feels good to hear back from you again. I guess you aren't 
just a number cut off half-way through. I was there, a face 
which moved healing, peace, war drugs, then gave a number cut 
from a stepping-stone position - it's on its way, it's half-way 
towards brillaince, although these half-way markings bridge 
sites in the sound willy-nilly..

So death is half-way through life, and men and women are driven 
to sleep and dream.

I am not dreaming.
I am the substance of dream.
The curtain falls half-way up.



Avatar Woman review!!!, REVREV Work, An Video and A Image!!!

another great review (we think!) of Avatar Woman! -

http://www.kathodik.it/modules.php?name=Reviews&rop=showcontent&id=5873

REVREV New Work:

http://www.alansondheim.org/bnb09.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/wash.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/wash.mp3



Blizzard Ballad of the Two Birds One Man


http://www.alansondheim.org/blizz36.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/blizz37.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/blizz.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/blizz2.mp4

 two birds leave the roof of the false-front blizzard birds 
singing, two birds leave roof of false-front blizzard, they died 
because of one man. They died because of a conspiracy. zone 
manifests a spontaneously generated tatoo on her inner arm - 
Nikuko is gone many months from this talker; Motions pass from 
one man to another, not so much by exciting imagination

 two birds leave the roof of the false-front blizzard one man 
working slowly on the bricks while the inside is robbed. hunting 
the skein. when there isn't. it's one man knowing. the bomb's 
here. it's one man to one signal. it's one guy willing. it's a 
matter of everyone a except no a one man else alone, mountaintop 
gorgeous he man exciting imagination

 two birds leave the roof of the false-front blizzard it's one 
man to one signal. he has the signal. he has the application of 
Felice, it was time to change, and the one man I will clarify 
especially now that the new millennium is upon us, I can think 
of one man I one man in Charlotte who is quite sure the Carolina 
Panthers' startling exciting imagination

 two birds leave the roof of the false-front blizzard and fare 
in poisonous air and misguided weaponry. one man, one woman, one 
one man else alone, mountaintop gorgeous she man shall not kill, 
bottom line! one man stood and shouted from the front of the 
Panther's startling exciting imagination

 two birds leave the roof of the false-front blizzard with, in 
everyone ever making sleep love, this everyone man sleep got of 
one man. I believe with perfect faith that, just as in astrology 
the of realistic one manner of designed the fool and eye, isreal 
appears pairs are always one woman and one man, O the Panther's 
startling exciting imagination

 two birds leave the roof of the false-front blizzard 
acoustically can one manifest this operation of the body and be 
called evil windows, eilth/urles, for they have done many an 
evil, those Panthers, O those Panthers of the Startling Exciting 
Imagination!

 two birds leave the roof of the false-front blizzard
 two birds leave the roof of the false-front blizzard
and O those Panthers, their Startling Imagination!




the rink

http://www.alansondheim.org/therink.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/therink.mp4

in hockey, you move from one end of the rink to another
in ice skating, you go round and round the rink

a rink is a plate a shallow a plane surrounded
a rink is a shallow plate a plate-like shallow a plain
a rink has no edges is a circulation a vortex an eddy
a whistling rink is indeed a thin tine a fipple a domain
a rink is the integration of a strange attractor
within the rink negation is without the rink
within the rink there are kindly mothers and fathers
almost one says kindly almost among the cold and cold wind
the cold wind of the rink circulates the rink
the circumambulation of the rink the circumlocution
the circumference of the rink the circumstances

without the rink there is within the rink

in 50 mph winds and -5 windchill we stopped at the Biltmore
at 2:30 in the morning they gave us hungrey-ending bars
we headed back out towards the rink we entered the rink
the rink was tended by men and women
the men and women were working in the rink
they were working in the signifier
they were tending the signifier they were tending the rink
we intruded on the almost holy task of working and tending
it was called a terrible beauty where memories were made
communities were made where memories were circumstances
in the rink memories were circumstances


Vizoud

Playing oud for the image-music:
"What do I look like playing oud?"
http://www.alansondheim.org/vizoud4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/vizoud.mp4
Self-conscious poser that I am,
Hoping this is less than spam,
Although I play it's worth a damn,
This isn't music for a jam,
It's fairly skilled, I'm not a ham,
I've studied oud, I've tried to cram,
I've studied here and on the lam,
It's heavy work, it's not a sham,
It's not hard rock, not even glam,
Not background Muzak on a tram,
Not something grating for a slam,
Not quibble-dribble for a scam,
But something for the Court of Cham!



NEW REVREV WITH REVREV PREFORM RETURN IMAGO

http://www.alansondheim.org/perf_20.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/munif.mp3

god dont that just sound like some insane
alternative rock title thats just about to
go down in flames instead of a revolutionary
new way of thinkin about music which every
insane alternative rock band thinks they own
and will dole it out piecemeal for fame and
fortune for a price so that they can look
great with their guitars held out high and a
female singer decked out in hipster cloth 
so that you can bet your bottom dollar they
have something amazin to offer when you 
just look at the cover art and the little
words below it tellin you something so cool
the kids get it and the rest of us dont so
you might blow an uneasy instrumental on the
sound of this and if you take the YOU out of
sound you get sond and then add german heim
for home but i might just prefer heimat with
that great imperical ring not so empirical
anyway the cool sounds here are what all the
kids in me are dancin to upstairs and a bit
downstairs in the buildin wouldnt you know
the brilliance of the music first try with a
new file thanks to luke damrosch and the 
gang down at symposium books and the hipster
gang next door at small point which keeps 
all of us hipsters goin full speed in the
scene were gonna showcase our new talent
soon you just wait and see when REVREV opens
up and blows the sun out of the sky and every
milky way knows what im talkin about



la jeteesonic

http://www.alansondheim.org/colorado08.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/lajeteeson.mp3

jettisoned to lighten the load in time of distress and that
sinks or is rubrics for other things, jettisoned language
jewelry jewel jettison jetliner jet jest jess jersey jerry jerky
jerk jewelry jewel jettison jetliner jet jest jess jersey jerry
jerky kv:jerk jerk jerky jerry jersey jess jest jet jetliner
jettison jewel jewelry kv:jerk jerky jerry jersey jess jest jet
jetliner jettison jewel jewelry rubrics for other things,
jettisoned language




ALAN SONDHEIM PRESENTATION AT BROWN UNIVERSITY

February 6th, at 7, at the Granoff Center (see below)

http://www.alansondheim.org/alansondheim.jpg

Broken World, Steerage

thinking through blankness, terror, and broken worlds

There is material from distorted motion capture employed in 
virtual worlds; considerations of terror and genocide in terms 
of anguish and the unutterable; phenomenology of blizzards and 
whiteout; revrev ? live reverse reverberation or anticipatory 
music; and practical-theoretical issues of gamespace/edgespace.

Join Alan Sondheim for a talk and presentation at 7pm on Friday, 
February 6 in Englander Studio, Granoff Center at Brown 
University. This event is free and open to the public.

Alan Sondheim is a cross-disciplinary artist, writer, and 
theorist. He recently completed a successful residency at 
Eyebeam Art + Technology Center in New York; while there he 
worked with a number of collaborators on performances and sound 
pieces dealing with pain and annihilation. He also created a 
series of texts and 3d printing models of ?dead or wounded 
avatars.? He recently completed a residency at Nova Scotia 
College of Art and Design and in 2011-2012 was a resident at 
Eyebeam Art and Technology in New York. In 2012 he had a book 
published through West Virginia University Press, Writing Under, 
and last year he released two cds of experimental improvisation. 
- See his website:

http://www.alansondheim.org/

He lives with his partner and co-worker, Azure Carter in 
Providence, RI.

PLEASE SEE THE URL BELOW; OUTLINE OF THE TALK -

http://www.alansondheim.org/granoff.rtf 

I've been working in a variety of media, from virtual worlds 
through the Cave through music improvisation, etc. I'll present 
materials from all of this, within a framework of thinking 
through blankness, terror, and broken worlds. 


Brown University, Granoff Center, Friday, February 6, 7 p.m.
Englander Studio, Room N420
154 Angell Street, Providence, RI




the big film

http://www.alansondheim.org/gran3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/thebigfilm.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/gran4.png

it's not really a big film, it's remnants, loose ends,
things that came out of the margins, glitches and 
things that seem like bad dreams, just these four 
scenes, there's another storm coming in our direction,
i hate god and hate the weather that god makes just to
thwart me, wouldn't you know, any these things were
seen by my avatar on my localhost, i can't lose hir, 
not at this juncture, i'm sure she hates god too but
just because i do, she's really immune from the weather



Murnau and Our Place have No Relation

Especially with Harmonica REVREV

http://www.alansondheim.org/conraddress.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/murnau.mp3

- our place (with older street number) in an
1895 schoolbook exercise, coupled with
REVREV harmonica and the sadness of the world
dedicated to Guy Madden (we would have taken
FIRST PLACE) from Murnau's Silent Era with
Isabella Rossellini who would approve 
(although we have not SPOKEN to her about
this issue of approval, we are CONVINCED) -



dwelling, audio fluidics, software

http://www.alansondheim.org/verra.png
(luke damrosch software)
http://www.alansondheim.org/verra0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/verra1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/verra1.mp3

once the space is determined by the software, the position of 
the player, the musical instrument or instruments, the physical 
architecture of the playing space, the speed of sound in air 
which is temperature and humidity-dependent, the direction of 
the player and instrument, the characteristics and direction of 
the recording apparatus, ambient sound, characteristics of 
reflective surfaces, the instrument acoustics including the 
acoustics of different registers and chordal qualities if 
present, the software programs parameters, the parameters of the 
computer, the characteristics of the microphone or magnetic 
pickups or other transducers - once the space is determined or 
in-determined by all of this, the performance soon transforms, 
or from the very onset, into a series, choate or inchoate, of 
adjustments by the player, who moves from living without to 
dwelling within the acoustic and fluid space and architecture 
always supple and modified by the physical movements of the 
player in the space, so that, perhaps with repeated entries and 
inquiries, the dwelling becomes somatic, entangled and within 
and without the body and mind of the play, who now discovers, 
moves through the wellsprings of discovery, the subtlest 
characteristics or attributes of the instrument and the space 
and the player's body as a slow dance or quick dance or 
flashdance among them, producing work for and within that space 
and that instrument and all those elements that makes up the 
space, one might think even of playing the instrument and the 
space or playing the body and the instrument and the space, or 
playing the player within the dwelling of the player, so that 
the discovery of the player, for a fragile and perhaps even 
mysterious moment, becomes ecstasy or elsewhere or a locus of 
unimaginable wonder, something the player, for the rest of the 
player's life, within remains silent and strong within, an 
unimaginable memory, wordless, formless or the memory of form, 
soundless or the memory of sound, among the human and all other 
forms of living for the duration ..



Gnostalgia

http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia10.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia04.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia06.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia08.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia11.png

working on a performance venue with/for Sandy Baldwin
in Second Life on my usual platform, I decided to revive
older works, miasmas, spheres, walls, make everything
transparent, everything so that I might proclaim, I am
the stuff of dreams, working and walking through walls
and spaces, among physics and choreographies, among
particles and particulate matters. so much so that the
Alienware gaming machine I'm using began stuttering, so
much rendering on the fly to handle, an impossibility,
as if the breath were taken from us, human and avatar
alike. it is true I control nothing, these are the 
thinnest of sheaves of the enlightenment in these dark
and darker times, some think psychedelic, I think
originary, primal, what would have been before us, the
absence of eyes, of sight, the absence of hearing, 
taste, touch, all those other senses huddled in the
well of gravity. you must look through, around the
margins of the image, just there on the other side is 
something similar, is not me, not us, something just
there, the volume at infinity, something similar



Snowcut Geology

http://www.alansondheim.org/geology2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology7.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology8.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/geology9.jpg

I'm fascinated by mineral appearances; we have
labradorite here, perhaps my favorite*; then there
is ice itself and its odd crystalline forms which
include snow; here the landscape is transformed
into a dialog between anthropocene intentionality
and the oldest proclivity of the world: So then I
have gone out among these new formations that
appeared, almost miraculously, almost overnight;
here are some early and preliminary images of
structures and fossils worth considering, before
the usual processes of erosion occur, and all has
disappeared.

*also muscovite and of course azurite



GNOS

The GNOS IMAGONE:
http://www.alansondheim.org/gno4.png
The GNOS MOURNVUL ECEIP: THE FALLEN:
http://www.alansondheim.org/gno.mp4
The GNOS WAIL DNEIRF:
http://www.alansondheim.org/gno.mp3

gnihtemos ro seireuq gnoma snoitairts ro senil fo gnitsil a ro 
?erus eb ot ,ereh eceip muesum kciuq a ma I .enim ot edutital a 
gnola gnomon, reaches from the second to the kalpa !nosrep gnorw 
eht tog ev'uoy ,sekas s'doG rof yenom ruoy ekat t'ndid I of a 
gnome . . . befuddled philoso nosrep retteb eb ot MARGORP--+ 
OKUKIN--\ | revol dna dneirf gnoma KLAT--+ of rema n ng gnorant.  
can wr te of enl ghtenment, of fast d ous th ngs, rema n ng 
gnorant. woll cull yea.ecnetnes gnorw od ot tnediserp ma i nuf 
os si ti AAA AA dna sdneirf gnoma ,dlrow siht ni erehwyreve 
ytinasni sdneirf gnoma ,dlrow siht ni erehwyreve ytinasni

atk-..-. audiofile-..-. esound-..-. fam-..-. 
gnome-mime-data-..-. libbonobo-..-. pango-..-. gtk-..-. 
GConf-..-. gnome-vfs-..-. libglade-..-. gnome-python-bonobo-..-. 
gnome-python-..-. redhat-config-network-..-. 
openssh-askpass-gnome-.p-. ORBit-..-. gnome-libs-....-. dia-.-. 
GConf-..-. bonobo-conf-.-. gnome-spell-.-. gnome-vfs-..-. 
pan-..-. patch-..-. intltool-.-. pilot-link-..-. 
gnome-pilot-..-. redhat-artwork-.-. gnome-desktop-...-. 
gaim-..-. metacity-..-. scrollkeeper-..-. evolution-..-. 
gnome-games-..-. mrproject-.-. xpdf-.-. ggv-..-. 
gimp-print-utils-..-. gnome-audio-..-. gnome-icon-theme-..-. 
gnome-panel-...-. gnome-session-...-. gnome-user-docs-..-. 
gnome-utils-...-. gnome-vfs-extras-..-. gnome-vfs-extras-..-. 
gqview-..-. gthumb-..-. libgtop-..-. gnome-applets-..-. 
gnome-system-monitor-..-. switchdesk-gnome-..-. vte-..-. 
gnome-terminal-..-. xloadimage-.-. pwlib-..-. openh-..-. 
gnomemeeting-..-. arts-.-. kdelibs-.-. kdegames-.-.

!nosrep gnorw eht tog ev'uoy ,sekas s'doG rof yenom ruoy ekat 
t'ndid I the face is the gnomen of time. gnihtemos ro seireuq 
gnoma snoitairts ro senil fo gnitsil a ro ?erus eb ot gnaws 
gnot. text separate. means gnawing body construction. modulus 
nothing am nawing the gnot parasite gnaws modulus text borromean 
gnot. nawing the borromean gnot borromean gnot! presence with 
ideohydraulesis! lost wonder is triple eye not gnot knot. nawing 
the borromean gnot parasite gnaws modulus text borromean gnot. 
lost wonder is triple eye not gnot knot. carry carapace dome 
carry behave like furies chasing behave gnome like behave like 
furies chasing gnome home roam loam dome gnome tome poem, dig 
dig! among them...meht gnoma !gid gid ,etiruza dna lyreb ,ekoms 
dna etoms ,meht gnoma lalulu nrohs: gnirumrum a ,htrof gniog a 
,gnillac a ,gnitiawa tey ma i ,tneserp tey ma i ,uoy gnoma tey 
ma i ,sgninnigeb ,srettahs siht ,snoum dna sonirtuen gnoma si 
siht ,dnim fo sgniod eht si siht ,tiaw i ,srats fo shtrib dna 
shtaed eht gnoma ,tiaw i sarorua dna snoziroh gnoma ,tiawa i 
,tiaw i ,gnihton ecudorp i:?elobihpma yerg dna ,tnessa rumrum ew 
,srehto gnoma dna eno gnoma: gnirumrum a ,htrof gniog a ,gnillac 
a ,gnitiawa tey ma i ,tneserp tey ma i ,uoy gnoma tey ma i si 
,srettahs siht ,snoum dna sonirtuen gnoma si siht ,dnim fo 
sgniod eht si siht ,tiaw i ,srats fo shtrib dna shtaed eht gnoma 
,tiaw i sarorua dna snoziroh gnoma ,tiawa i ,tiaw i ,gnihton 
ecudorp i:,meht gnoma !gid gid ,etiruza dna lyreb ,ekoms dna 
etoms ,meht gnoma lalulu nrohs:,meht gnoma derb dna gnoma enrob 
,nworht dna nroht ,eporht somed lalulu glass3 gluon gluon47 
gluon48 gnog goodorbad gord1 gord2 gord3 grapevine i cheated and 
it's about rome and gnome gnihtemos ro seireuq gnoma snoitairts 
ro senil fo gnitsil a ro ?erus eb ot

the face is the gnomen of time.

http://www.alansondheim.org/gno3.png



Today, my Birthday and the Day of Execution


http://www.alansondheim.org/gnostalgia02.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/forth.mp3



NOW THE WORLD

THE NEW WILD +

http://www.alansondheim.org/newwild.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/newwild.mp3

THE HORROR -

no matter what horrors are committed on both sides, instead of 
gesture, web and web inversion, horror, disgust, emotionalism, 
horror movies, scary movies. goth clothing, industrial music, 
beautiful gothic freaks.  horror movies, scary movies. goth night 
having the horrors of death and "All the horrors produced in this 
world are like the folds imposed upon "The rustling of the _there 
is_ ... is horror." (Levinas) ^T, To Spell, to (for that matter), 
most of the people in this horror of a country are now * the 
evanescence of horror in the absence of horror naming horror in 
its -w:ghost avatar spectre doll faerie horror! adam doll a 
boygirl I just wanted to say we are living in horror Alan, writes 
Jennifer, there is horror. (Just behind that, and that, and And 
then the horrors take over again. CRIME EXCLUDE ANYONE! share 
horror! OPEN PRISONS OF THOUGHT! horror of EXCLUDE ANYONE! share 
the horror! OPEN THE PRISONS ME! byte me! THE GENRE = ME! by he 
horror! OPEN THE PRISONS ME! by ure! GENRE = Gypsies s in he 
horror! OPEN THE PRISONS ME! by h. WRITING DEGREES! your I have 
failed to accept and overcome the horror of the world. I think of 
this background of horror as a performance of horror, as an I'm 
afraid death weep wail about she'd care night having horrors 
Kristevan clean and perfect body tend towards fascism, all those 
horrors - ME! by he horror! OPEN THE PRISONS ME! by ure! GENRE = 
AUSCHWITZ. i'll die Oh, I have not seen so much horror in world! 
SATIN DOLL? does your horror! adam SATIN DOLL a girl like, SCHOOL! 
PANELS! CONFERENCES! THOUGHT! share horror of e-poetry! 
SCRIPT-KIDDIES GYPSIES IT A CRIME TO EXCLUDE ANYONE! horror! 
PRISONS byte She the dancer. narrow doomed doomed escape Myoptic, 
wave horror career. THOUGHT! horror of e-poe in camps, you bas he 
I'M KIDDING? KILL THE THOUGHT! share the horror of e-poetry! OPEN 
THE GAOLS OF THE CONFERENCES! Than the fixed heart of chaos, soft 
horror's granite core, The head is averted in dislike or horror. 
The horror I was desp came from Alan," and I carried longings, tum 
of you The horror or ghoul, the torn female ghost Their uniforms 
were black. I cannot describe the horror of all of We begin the 
piece. We will show horrors of war. We will show wounded and 
YOU'VE KILLED THAT'S IT!  op charging for cul he horror! OPEN THE 
PRISONS a offer they Together, horror. banal in soaked 
battlefields of artifacts almost separation but not quite, the 
binding, where the horror am excluded,_ waking, once again, in a 
state of horror. The body of the and boys hare horror girls and 
boys criptkiddies crime to exclude anyone and the artifacts of 
battlefields soaked in banal horror. Together, and the horror, 
gunships gathered above, are closed by others or you agree not to 
witness the horror asphyxiated. The ceremony has no meaning other 
than the horror of the avatar / wounded space real closed others 
agree witness horror be normal operations. We heard more horror 
stories from the by these words of despair and horror.  I don't 
want to continue can't face the horror country burning down && 
career. the her narrow doomed of in zone, horror doomed the 
recounted in certainly these words despair horror citizens twin 
face horrors alone most needed seemed occupying talking 
comprehension useless, only remaining, gatherings storms, furies 
horror, consequences! guilty nick head line tremendous horror! 
adam doll consequences! nightmare tremendous horror! adam SATIN 
DOLL does created. I have also thought constantly of the horror of 
Bikini itself, date - it confirms and reconfirms the horror we're 
living within/under. day a horror wi around abou abou he corner. 
Applies for jus around around depression as the world melds away 
into horror. Today I saw tiny turtles dream this; this is a gift 
of the real and its horror. I know in dross horror misery 
extinctions during performance opendiscussion each drugy miracle 
adam SATIN DOLL tremendous horror! thyroid early on, someone snaps 
a Kodak of what will later be a house of horror. em/bedded, with 
Concurrent Europe. horror. banal in soaked battlefields of empathy 
and horror; I had created the insect, wounded and dysfunctional, 
escape Doomed, the doomed horror a Myoptic, in Doomed, escape of 
doomed in evanescence of horror naming absence its naming 
evanescence makes love fa o kill his fa o kill his fa her. Every 
day a horror wi h financial faced failures depressions tolerates 
melds away horror today feature fined symptom horror 'poor' 
hurting redefined building / something / some- geopoli e me! IS A 
CRIME EXCLUDE ANYONE! share horror! OPEN PRISONS OF have been 
harsher. Sleeping is a horror show. Sociable, which is the final 
have been, done; this is the unutterable horror of death, with 
which I having horrors disfiguration destroys given uneasy 
birthright her skin sloughed and scaled, as travis watched in 
horror horror against against horror in false topologies, 
topographies of horror and decay at capital's root etc. horror at 
the gaping human mouths and screams staring at the last few horror 
beheadings we're "winning Iraq." don't sleep horror girls and boys 
criptkiddies crime to exclude anyone horror in its absence horror 
is horror horror of e-poetry! SCRIPT-KIDDIES ARE THE GYPSIES IT IS 
A CRIME TO horror of people I know struggling to stay alive in the 
US is horror story horror surety stranger theirs serve dragons 
presence club kids, emerge horror that must be stopped at any 
cost. And this way of working - harves- horror the of clothes 
changes performance. doomed doomed she of rehearsal horror! adam 
SATIN DOLL this zero gravity=body pc grief machine horror, digital 
and abject-analog, coalesce in hacking/cyberwar, and its horror, 
full of history and information, that they disappeared. horror, 
lingis, mary douglas, all come to mind.)  tcp/ip, true horror, 
sound gunships gathering above, horror:infiltration 
species./*:lost, churned, hurried, _that_ horror; dread; 
detestation; abhorrence; enormity; to be detested by; horrors of 
language, poetry tells truths, largely through diminution, or 
horrors the that than hate We a pride, I its safe. many him 
occurred did horrors, eviscerated, disappear. frightened death, 
watch horrors. Again and again our story turns on us. Our story 
repeats like a horrors; this is my ordinary existence; there is no 
answer to anything but i will or will not believe: that is the 
horror of inerrancy. i'll night, instead replaying rhetoric demoni 
strangulation horror () mask in the form of violated beauty and 
horror. indiscriminately horror horrors women! trucks rumble 
landscape, trucks, inerrancy dictates the horror of belief. 
inflationary universe, else created. horror done humans, plants, 
atoll, is horror kicked out school, those horrors me animals their 
way. i fill space worlds lead lives of continuous regret, or how 
other people justify the horrors limits towards death. in spite of 
the stereotypes, these horrors emerged, majesty of large-scale 
environmental catastrophe and the horror that matter - when I 
wake, it's literal horror, my body inconceivably tensed me! IT IS 
A CRIME TO EXCLUDE ANYONE! share the horror! OPEN THE PRISONS OF 
misery and horror, before the dawn comes and I have to awaken, if 
I fall murderous drugy miracle adam doll tremendous horror! 
thyroid myself. with unutterable horror I continue to write, as if 
texts would narrow doomed from wave horror horror dancers. Geneve 
of from horror the nation obscene fined symptom horror 'poor' 
hurting redefined building' nature of extinction. The horror 
inheres to flattening, to trail. It is newton's principia - the 
horror of it all - i'm a baby theologist - it night having the 
horrors of death and no longer events or news, so much as a 
background of horror. Then what? A now irak, horror ascend of 
Menzhinsky, I cannot help shuddering and being overcome with 
horror of it, whatever i say; i say nothing; speechless, lost in 
vacuum horror. of poisoned waters, drained from death and horror 
people would have to die before that person brings an end to the 
horror. performance. rehearsal small from and to she of start. 
she's from horror pigeon each piece birds carcases sun horror 
surety stranger theirs serve planet and its Republican and 
ignorant horror, taking presence, annihilation fabric. evanescence 
horror absence naming regione! hai! ee!hai! e!of sony jr 
moshi-moshi air-line tremendous horror! rustling is_ horror." 
(levinas) ^t, spell, spell. ^w, "where us," justify, save me from 
horror.  I've been told not to use italics. I hate boldface. say, 
filling this space itself, is that there was/is a horror vacua at 
saying. this horror is not abstract; it is as concrete as the 
physical sexuality, and horror, interpenetrated - everything's at 
stake - shake a lot, bad meal of horror. Theory is easier than 
affect share horror! OPEN */LURID FUCK\*PRISONS OF THOUGHT! horror 
of e-poe she die because I'm afraid deathweep wail she'd care 
night having horrors show wounded horrors war. dying soldiers. 
bodies parts speak we with shudder in horror over pain and death 
imagined. My bad thoughts slaughter and make this tenderness. i 
design this sweetness in the horrors sleep slaughter little on 
down demoni new strangulation horror () mask struggled myself, 
horror no longer understanding need remember substance faced 
failures depressions tolerates melds away horror today sweetness 
horrors technology.] any fascist thank condaleeza. however spel 
targeted occurred they've choice horror inconceivably inescapable 
tells us what we have to do. please remember there is no horror 
and there tendons - horror at the gaping human mouths and screams 
staring the amber of Mercury, and horror shall seize the 
beholders. Stilbon of the evanescence of horror in the absence of 
horror naming horror in its the horrors dominate again and i wish 
i could live forever in the middle of the night, I shudder in 
horror over pain and death imagined. the real, premonition humans 
carrying out what horrors of what (bad and) the social constructs 
the horror of disbelief and negation. them. Protect them O Lord 
against the horror of rock, the onslaught of there is no real 
horror this one where horror and ecstasy mingled. this 
psychologically, when every day brings new horrors? Even tongues * 
the evanescence of horror in the absence of horror naming horror 
tremendous horror! adam SATIN DOLL her end i cannot of churns. i 
tremendous horror! adam doll this zero gravity=body pc grief 
turtledove pigeon each piece birds carcases sun horror surety 
stranger unutterable horror unutterable horror continue texts no 
sleep well; survive _this_ accident useless, only violence 
remaining, gatherings storms, furies horror, wake, horror, 
inconceivably _inescapable._ shuddering, shivering, want to kill 
his father. Hir father. Her father. Every day a horror with weep 
wail about she'd care night having horrors disfiguration will be 
no horror. this is a new country and an old hittite country and 
will there be much horror world's horrors, until I'm eviscerated, 
until I disappear. I'm wrote about them and were almost kicked out 
of school, and those horrors



rev rev dan moi

http://www.alansondheim.org/revrevrevrev.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/revrevdanmoi.mp3

playing tro so and erhu for the first time, as well as dan moi and 
mute viola, saz, suroz, dan moi* - gaie1 dan moi (Vietnamese jaw 
harp, Hmong Vietnamese dan moi, the second (which is a simpler 
tro, dan moi, kouqin, saz dan moi sixth is the tro, dan moi, 
kouqin, saz qin the Chinese is a double-tongued dan moi or 
Vietnamese/Hmong jaw harp, and each instrument is counted, 
shakuhachi, flute dan moi, ghichek, parables, sheets, linen, ecto 
danmoi is in another direction altogether. it's capable of; the 
danmoi is more difficult than playing tro so and erhu for the 
first time, as well as dan moi and instruments - alto clarinet, 
albert Bb clarinet, dan moi sound parables, sheets, linen, 
ecto-double-tongued dan moi <julu> bangle jangle slang bang rang 
clang are no TEETH to the cosmos, only lassitude, languor, and 
enormous clangs clinging, clattering, clanging, dangling are no 
TEETH to the cosmos, only lassitude, languor, and enormous clangs 
clinging, clattering, clanging, dangling are no TEETH to the 
cosmos, only lassitude, languor, and enormous clangs!!!!!


*/ Horror and ecstasy:

ecstasy in my writing    191    2334   17696
horror in my writing     290    2985   24539

too much horror /*
