=

mixed reals

http://www.alansondheim.org/livehere4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/livehere.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/livehere1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/livehere2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/livehere3.png

things fall apart



Sleeping, thinking, touching


http://www.alansondheim.org/deadheaded4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/deadheaded.mp4

28. 'Verily, when there (in the state of deep sleep) he does not 
think, he is, verily, thinking, though he does not think, for 
there is no cessation of the thinking of a thinker, because of 
the imperishability (of the thinker). There is not, however, a 
second, nothing else separate from him of which he could think.

29. 'Verily, when there (in the state of deep sleep), he does 
not touch, he is, verily, touching, though he does not touch, 
for there is no cessation of the touching of a toucher, because 
of the imperishability (of the toucher). There is not, however, 
a second, nothing else separate from him which he could touch.'

- Brhad-aranyaka Upanishad, IV.3.28-29, trans. S. Radhakrishnan


http://www.alansondheim.org/deadheaded1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/deadheaded2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/deadheaded3.png



now when

http://www.alansondheim.org/nowwhen.png

now when i try to write, there are interferences, coming from 
the other side, from somewhere i can see vagely, if at all, 
niterferences which are the beinning of an inundation that, at 
this point with pills within me, trying desperately, for sleep, 
won't occupy the gravel of the shore for too long, suh are the 
problems with the wrritten world/world fraught with 
annihilation: to the limit, i'm deliberately typing with eyes 
wide shut, allowing the ghosts and debris to issue forth, essays 
in ideleness, the pillow book, if this is an exercise it relates 
back to my piece about fever in disorders of the real, that we 
can't take for granted, ever, the positioning of health as a 
prereqisite for text, as if there were a standard of the body 
adn mind to be met before one is given the privilege of speaking 
or rather the bridge from speaking through writing to reading to 
hearing, etc. i welcome here, without spell ccking, these ghosts 
into my world; they'll dominate more and more in the coming 
years, until noting remains but bits and bytes scattered and 
disappearing fast from hard drives world-wide. this is what 
sleep deprivation does, it brings on death, brings down the 
curtain quickly, there will never be enough time to say goodbye 
to epople, there's no greet ing and no other side, the fences 
are temporarily in place, things. it's a matter of time 
literally before the universe goes dark and all this incredible 
richness of organisms and culture disappears, and inherent in 
the disappearance is the disappearance of any trace as well, 
we're all living in the period of erasure, we're all inherenlty 
inaccountable, our minds and future projects are our own worst 
enemy, and the groundrules of the world lie in its own 
slaughter. the effect of the pills is great, 12mg melatonin and 
trazodone, my mind crushes me with the true real, i don't have 
kristeva's good fortune to whirl through freud or catholicsm, 
what a melding here. there should be an image here, someting to 
accompany this, a text... i'll work on this later, the image, 
the lure , and i'll be careful not to make this too long, 
interets tails off..





the other side

http://www.alansondheim.org/synth2.jpg

the errors come from the other side
there are no errors

the other side speaks to us, of decay and corrosion
the other speaks insofar as it is enabled
its enabling silences it, the other side silences, is silent
eorrors slip into the abyss of infinite possibilities
the other side opens, a vast chasm
we hold off, just a moment more, perhaps time remains
perhaps time to say goodbye, pera final movement of the lips
the boundary of the movement of the lips
the boundary, nothing

'the errors come from the other side
there are no errors'




the other side

http://www.alansondheim.org/otherside.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/otherside.mp3

coagulations O/other constructed screen; _other sides,_ fact, 
only continued crack system, side! would taken me! couldn't be 
sure. stopped street, which think life, after death, Levinas 
sides laws, perhaps existence ruptured, julu must beyond midst 
tree, flood 'out side,' broken, who wouldn't. fires withe 
atmosphere, none lightning distance sleep them, Nikuko replied, 
put naked person down Not there isn't room for anomaly but Red 
disk below, Julu riding Everything revolves, life want 
experiences, teacher writes _hailjan,_ make whole, totality. try 
happens. them. And project site, state last week authorized 
embryo ers keys, watching me screen, sharing exists 
problematically _on mirror,_ already fall spot probably 
describing room) carrying intellect outside blage brane horizon. 
It's hard configure adults same reasons supine leaning origin; 
gap, almost immediate rise w/holeea brokenly obsess"his cracking 
bends, target protected material cannot walk through this avatar 
nor cross city coagulation what's absent: buzz, neural - that 
with world trade center i remember it somewhere dancing w/ one 
body prop scar? Where side? Is epople, greet ing fences Daishin 
lowered carefully surely use values better written That's 
important, windows rooms different than knowing one's doing. Myk 
knows to an subject, of wall language. That "On Calde toward 
south Ethyope a great retical approaches, On chaotic domains 
says seminate, those sence hate. Love include us size 
streetlight street blue-white call S notes hill's dear 
symptomatic all down. Information taste roasting restaurant next 
mixes off tracks difference, virtue subject. argue all, fate, 
looking fish Most had might occur division, others) royal 'we' 
our bodies here close finished. If emerge distraught, again. 
There's sense say, dealing representa- man woman sand fold 
dreams so meet margins image, just muring. perfect lead aband- 
any I'm trapped Jewishness (whiteness? take your anything 
appearing river, most likely not two strangers street. hear 
three been no limit. You're "on side." Frantic tele- ically, 
Analog release emblem, discrete ies, Kristeva Douglas out. ine 
denotes defiance reality principle, civil- The 180 degree rule 
(the camera remains im- ed person. going, she asked; else 
encamped We don't need circum- flattening: Contrast increase: 
mathematical operation hill, let's go!") temporary map part 
radical nature-nurture dichotomy. Thus Kernberg's con- Because I 
am dead and writing side, Cleanliness propriety their sides, 
foundations, peripher- temples black nighttime roof-tops, eaves 
desper- curtain, doing gun interior id...the Kris- twenty-seven 
feet, around unconsciousness, -jectivities, etc.) dev- tinually 
FM radio room... European Indians will see world. There light 
apt word. hill.  building distance. weeds are always groping 
fence. _molded_) back into itself, either earth void absorbed by 
retainer ponds, oddly positioned absorbing heat contraction 
body's across Sector Interval. nothing. look over side; there's 
nothing there. down, has point is, closure/foreclosure. #to the 
other side. Such was case. where s/he waiting thump hand hir 
bush beginning email, communication vagely, if spectacular. 
moves well, stream too women's huts replete enunciation 
uncertainty quantum theory: coin connects party rushed towards 
room. we're trying get in. breathe. She breathe because lungs 
were bring me, pinning, which, bottles host found wounded town. 
Alice's looking-glass. Rene Thom, Bourbaki, even Benoit 
Mandlebrot Something evil monstrous occurred Travis thought. 
object emerged body. federal offices, Homeland Security. You sea 
lovely stars as they out This _from side._ Here nonexistent film 
death: Somewhere then dead? How can freighter side_? What large 
twirls in water? how interprets these patterns hate me. Bosses 
To know real 