


Dying


We do not know the day of our birth.
We only know the day of our death.

http://www.alansondheim.org/iii16.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/iii18.jpg


Dying does not make it so. Dying exhales, the modulation of the 
breath. To die is to expel. Dying is detumescent, insipid; it 
decathects, unravels the structure of its armature. A stream 
surrounding the speaker who fulfills herself through the feeding 
back into a self or emanation from what used to be the ego. 
Structures lap the ground before words fall into them. Buber 
(Moses, The Revelation and the Covenant) writes of the name of 
God, "The original form of the cry may have been _Ya-huva,_ if 
we regard the Arabic pronoun _huwa,_ he, as the original Semitic 
form of the pronoun 'he' which, in Hebrew as well as in another 
Arabic form, has become _hu._ 'The name _Ya-huva_ would then 
mean O-He! with which the manifestations of the god would be 
greeted in the cult when the god became perceptible in some 
fashion. Such a _Ya-huva_ could afterwards produce both _Yahu_ 
and _Yahveh_ (possibly originally _Yahvah_).'" (Inner quote from 
Duhm, unpublished lecture given in Goettingen.) The current form 
is rooted in the verb _to be._ It is written, not spoken; the 
cry, in other words, has been repressed, the body curtailed and 
placed within the Book.

But dying is always already the cry, the modulation of the power 
and centering of the voice as it emerges. I surprise myself by 
the loudness of my scream as I call up, six stories, to a friend 
within. The chest gauges itself, explodes; the throat is pained, 
hoarse.

Dying does not make it so. Dying makes it, so. The _so_ of 
dying, so what? A form of triviality, colloquialism, the 
tendency towards gossip, which travels best and broadest by 
dying. I lean towards you, whispering. Filled with excitement, 
I wish to know, to tell, _everything,_ my dear.

So now we're getting somewhere. There is a beginning of the 
book, beginning of writing. There are traces. There are no 
beginnings to the dying. To dying. To the dying of the dying. 
There are no endings. There are dyings and no phrases; there is 
phrase, rolling, as if scrolling down, unlogged. So to trace 
phrase is to become lost in the past few seconds. Dying is never 
recorded; that's mysticism for you.

But we would chase the symptom, turn phrase into the phrase, 
which doesn't clear a ground. As Leder points out, this may well 
background the body - look the flowers over there, Jennifer, 
yes, they're beautiful. There is a social and a cultural and a 
linguistic to the phrase; there is a mathematics and acoustics 
as well. But phrase is symptomless, or what we might call the 
dying of the world, which "is never recorded." Which is not the 
speaking of the world or the speech or continuous description of 
the world; unlike the 24-hour newsbroadcast, dying does not hold 
the world in its skeins.

What does dying do, then. It is the so of just so, of so what. 
It is the lightest of the imaginary. It is the periphery or the 
center of the skein, what - ever so lightly - pastes skein to 
real, myth to topography, symbol to referent. Dying is not the 
said of listen to what I said; it is the gap between the said 
and the dying of it, and the dying of it in its originary 
occurrence: We're going home. Listen to what I said. What did 
you say. We're going home. The second is marked, first 
antecedent. But when the first was said.

When the first was said it wasn't accompanied by the second, 
Listen to what I said. You might say that the second was 
implied. You might say so. But it wasn't said, wasn't 
formulated. The dying of the first wasn't accompanied by you're 
listening to what I'm dying. Or aren't you. It wasn't until the 
response occurred. But the Listen to what I said, you are 
listening and hearing this. I am dying listen to what I said. (I 
am not dying, for example, to listen to what I said.)

Dying is not an occasion. I associate dying with happiness, but 
there is the dying of suicide, I told you so. There is the dying 
of fear, so what do you want. There is the dying of love, I love 
you so, and there is the dying of orgasm, oh god, oh you, just 
so.

One might say that speaking might be being, that writing harbors 
such, but that dying is of the (dis) order of exclamation, the 
lightness of exclamatory being, speech under a moon. A cart 
passes by and you see the kimono sleeves beautifully fluttering 
in the slight wind, from its window. The woman is hidden; you 
say she is lovely and inquire after her. You may then speak her 
name, you may then forward her a poem.

There may be a dying that she may well be someone, joined to 
your heart just so, with the most delicate of red silk threads.



Adapt

http://www.alansondheim.org/azurecd09.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/adapt.mp3

solo clarinet with adaptive noise reduction

We're increasingly isolated in Providence. I feel we're pariahs.
It's slowing me up; depression invades intention. I'm beginning
to feel everyone's furious with me or us for reasons unknown.
Anyway, a new clarinet improvisation.

Notes - My jinashi shakuhachi received a new hanko from Perry
Yung today; I didn't realize he has an illustrious stage/
acting career!

I unsubscribed finally from nettime; my own posts tend not to
go through and the discussion seems to have increasingly 
narrowed. This makes me all the more thankful for DIWO and the 
generosity of the Netbehaviour list which manages to be open, 
productive, and amazingly creative. 

Have given up on antique Albert system clarinets; I've had to 
return two of them because of cracks, misfitting barrels, and a 
general sense of being out of tune. The instrument here is a 
Boehm wooden Pruefer with amazing response and tone, from the 
1960s or 70.

We're getting ready to drive across country to bring the rarer 
instruments to the National Music Museum in South Dakota; 
they're too delicate to keep, beautiful art works in themselves, 
and they'll get decent humidity and care at the Museum. We're 
giving them gratis; they'll pay for the drive out.

Stephen Dydo and I will do a guqin duet for the new cd; I'm 
really happy about this - we play well together.

Reading the Dionysiaca of Nonnus/Nonnos, an Elmore Leonard, 
novel, a book on the Anthropocene, Husan Hua's A General 
Explanation of the Vajra Prana Paramita Sutra, Jacqueline 
Waters' poetry, Badiou's Ethics, the Rigveda Brahmanas.

Recent sleep excessively disrupted, two new murders in 
Providence, guest taught in Leslie Thornton's classes and saw 
wonderful film/video work, and have been really sick with a 
constant sore throat, wheezing, and pain. The pension problem 
seems solved here, there was a savage beating down the street 
from us, snow is still around but mostly gone.

Nobody died.





(This is written as a final documentation for the piece,
interesting I think from a collaborative and mixed-reality
viewpoint.)


Cave Residency During IRQ3

Untitled ongoing performance (Alan Sondheim, Description)

http://www.alansondheim.org/irq3day53.jpg

During IRQ3, I had a residency in the Brown University Cave for 
the duration of the conference. Kathleen Ottinger, Azure Carter, 
and I worked together; we had also worked on a number of pieces 
for at least half a year before that. There were three pieces in 
the Cave itself, collaborations between Kathleen and myself. 
Kathleen did the programming and visuals, and she and I "wrote 
into" and through each other's texts beforehand, producing 
scripts that became independent work. These pieces are her own, 
with my textual collaboration. (I figure Cave setup and 
rehearsal for the performance as a whole was about 40 hours 
in-Cave and maybe 100 in-studio.)

The Cave has both visuals and sound; during the conference, the 
sound originated from one of two laptops I set up in the room. 
This laptop was projected with into the room; the image was on 
the right-hand wall. The Cave was physically only a small part 
of the room - perhaps a sixth - so there was plenty of room for 
other elements.

In other words, the first laptop split sound and image; the 
image was projected across the room, and the sound came from the 
speakers surrounding the Cave.

The second laptop was projected into the room, through the room 
projector, onto a screen, and the sound was sent through the 
large room speakers.

Both laptops had capabilities to run virtual worlds, and I used 
three virtual worlds during the conference:

1. My residency area in Second Life, the most popular online 
virtual world. The area is in the Odyssey sim, and was capable 
of video texturing, mesh modeling, and complex physics / avatar 
behaviors.

2. My three sims in MacGrid, an experimental/research world, 
with completely modifiable physics and highly malleable 
landforms. I have an in-world theater set up in the grid, and 
can project into it.

3. A local Opensim virtual world on both laptops, with different 
architectures on each; the fundamental configuration or .iar 
file was downloaded from the MacGrid.

There were, most often, two world projected simultaneously into 
the room.

One of the laptops also housed a configuration for Bambuser, an 
online application which creates personal online video channels. 
This laptop had a small usb light attached; at times the camera 
would pick up the room, but most often Azure's face. The channel 
would then be sent into onto objects in Second Life; the 
textures were modified to image her face alone, without any 
background. The image was usually inverted, but through 
feedback, there were also smaller 'guide' images with her face 
normal.

The face/image was embedded in the Second Life objects, with 
objects intersecting it, surrounding it. The appearance was 
ghostly, real-time, and uncanny.

In this situation, Azure would sing a number of songs, many of 
which have appeared on our cds or lps. These songs were fed into 
one or more SuperCollider programs, designed according to 
specifications, by Luke Damrosch. The suite of programs is 
called "revrev" and allows a musician to work with live reverse 
reverberation - what I call an anticipatory music - the 
reverberation building up to the enunciation of the sound, a 
head instead of a tail. Combining programs allows for a thick, 
more complex way of working with this. The programs also 
involved multiple coherent streams or chords stemming from the 
original sound-source, for example parallel streams a fifth 
above and below the original tones. The programs all ran from a 
prompt, and the parameters could be changed in process.

At times, I would also use alto clarinet, either to accompany 
Azure, or to create independent sounds which worked with the 
Cave room resonances; these often used a small instrument 
amplifier. One of my goals was to keep everything acoustically 
balanced; live revrev created an environment which could quickly 
go out of control. (I also used a standard clarinet to play into 
revrev directly at times.)

The video feeds included other elements - the two main sources 
included pre-recorded materials, and texts.

The pre-recorded materials were produced at NYU's motion capture 
studio, with the help of Mark Skwarek. I worked with two 
performers who did one of two things:

1. The performers moved at the edge of the recording space, 
producing deliberate glitches or anomalies that distorted the 
figures.

2. The mocap markers were remapped among the two performers - 
representing a single avatar; as the performers moved in 
topologically complex ways, the projected avatar in the mocap 
room broke up in various ways. The result was an avatar that 
appeared more as an emanation from the performers, than as an 
embodiment of them.

These are techniques I've used close to a decade, in order to 
create avatar distortions that represent avant-dance, wounding, 
death throes, hysteria, desire, pain, and political issues. The 
videos that were made at NYU (just a few weeks earlier) were 
linked together in a half-hour piece that was played at times, 
as a marker or punctum of what was occurring in the virtual 
worlds.

The second main source of the video feeds was a series of texts 
I would write into the virtual worlds themselves; these appeared 
as chats on the side of the image. The texts were improvised and 
related to the ongoing mise en scene in-world.

The virtual world imagery was always, always complex and 
difficult to navigate in-world; for the spectator, it was also 
difficult to disentangle. This was deliberate; the result, and 
one of the main contents of the imagery, was the representation 
of extreme states of mind, which related to the ongoing crises 
of violence in the U.S., Africa, the Mid-East, and so on. The 
primary source for me, for all of this, was the special topic 
Johannes Birringer and I co-moderated for the empyre email list 
in November, 2014, "ISIS, Absolute Terror, Performance" - a 
topic which considered issues of torture, beheading, violence, 
anguish, and fear, for the month. The distorted avatars I work 
with - distorted because of the distorted movement - go all the 
way back to 2011, a 2nd topic for the same, this time with Sandy 
Baldwin, on "Pain, Desire, and Death," in the real and virtual 
(I'm not sure of the exact title). Both of these and my mocap 
lab work resulted in over 100 bvh files - these are files that 
represent real-life performer movement - that could then be fed 
into a virtual world, to animate an avatar or avatars. The 
process is difficult but the result are these distortions.

So the most recent distortions, from NYU, would be projected; 
other in-world projections were live and in-world, and could be 
viewed in-world by another avatar; this is an important element 
of interactivity I work with. The in-world projections, then, 
resulted in the avatars moving wildly on the screen, creating 
particle emanations in the form of nude human warriors and 
charred bodies, and "dancing" with symbols made to represent 
ISIS and other forms of terror. All of this is at fairly 
high-speed.

The revrev was heard from three sources - Avatar's voice itself; 
the revrev fed through either the projector speakers or the Cave 
speakers; and the revrev fed through the virtual worlds, as if 
it were emanating within them.

All of this created a mobile and fluid sonic architecture, one 
that, for me, defined or modified the fixity of the Cave itself; 
room resonances and speaker interactions, beat frequencies, 
etc., all came into play. The sound was a hollowed organic body 
tied to, yet not tied to, the Cave pieces and the ongoing 
transformations visible in the projected images. I imaged a 
sonic bubble, almost a galactic bubble, in which there were 
occurrences both alien and domestic; texts would appear and 
disappear in the space, always grounded by the Cave pieces which 
were purely textual. Most of my time in the Cave was used for 
either working within the virtual worlds, or "tuning" the space 
itself - and the latter began to fascinate me. The sounds and 
images resonated with each other; the four sound streams had 
their own internal resonances; the darkness or brightness in the 
room affected the texture mapping and readability of the 
in-world texts, and so forth. Conditions were constantly 
changing. The room itself was always on the edge of feedback; I 
had to keep the revrev sounding full, but not overloading the 
in-world sounds, and not screeching. We used a lavalier mic to 
correct this in parts.

The tuning of the room relates to the tuning of the body itself; 
much of my work deals with the labor involved in production, 
especially dance or music production (and the performers for the 
original mocap were almost all dancers); in this residency, 
labor was represented by voice and instrument, but also by the 
sheer weight of the production, which involved constantly 
adjusting the equipment and its position in the room. So even 
though the body was close to invisible (except for the video 
textures from Bambuser) on the screen, it was present in the 
sense of sonic architecture, the body of the piece, the galactic 
bubble, and so forth.

Artists:

Kathleen Ottinger
Azure Carter
Alan Sondheim
Luke Damrosch

Thanks to John Cayley for the opportunity.

Thanks also to:

Mark Skwarek, Johannes Birringer, Foofwa d'Imobilite, Sandy 
Baldwin, Kira Sedlock, Frances van Scoy, Patrick Lichty, 
Columbia College, West Virginia University, NYU, Brown 
University


Audio-Visuals:

http://www.alansondheim.org/theforge.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/irq3day24.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/irq3day50.JPG
http://www.alansondheim.org/irq3day51.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/irq3day49.JPG
http://www.alansondheim.org/irqday3.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/irqq3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/irqqb.mp4 (Kathleen Ottinger, Cave)
http://www.alansondheim.org/irqrevrev.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/irq3day54.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/visage4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/irqspace1.mp3


