

see The Bamboo Texts of Guodian II, Thicket of Sayings I,
Cornell, trans. Scott Cook




braid brayed

http://www.alansondheim.org/lasts055.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/braid0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/braid1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/braid2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/braid3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/braid4.mp3

alto recorder, irish banjo, pipa

would be nice if you would listen to some of this perhaps
alto recorder's a bit difficult w/ the breathing and all
irish banjo's a bit easier but not like this
probably my two best pipa piece, but who cares
it's all braided, busy, maybe but one alto recorder, so what

or read this, it doesn't matter, who cares
i can't listen to myself at this point, self loathing, so what
disgusted with the speed and soulless effrontery who cares
screwed up, so what, stupid refrain this so what

the (introjection and projection) braid. The static limits may 
(applause) she's dancing beautifully, she's combing and binding 
and braiding (applause) she's dancing beautifully, she's combing 
and binding and braiding

A medical model implies internal flows, striations, identities, 
vulnerabilities, immunological defenses, maintenance and so 
forth. Emphasis is on the cohering of parts, membranes and 
molecular channels. Organism runs from within; emanent runs from 
without. An emanent may be defined as an image or apparition 
whose body and mind are elsewhere, an entity that exists in 
relation to the jectivity braid, and has apparent, but not 
genidentical, identity. Of course the organic body itself is 
genidentical only to a limited extent.

All choices are braided, contingent, contiguous. The the 
discrete is And of the theory of knots. The midst of the 
embraiding of sheaves with Clearly the abject lies within the 
primordial, the braid is braid of Disturbance of Body in 
cybermind, cock jewel, shaft of braided gold.

Human skin under the microtome, sheave-skin burrowed into by 
camera position. Here is the necessity of Madhyamika, 
co-dependent origination, depend co-origination, braided mind, 
image, imaginary, entity, real and virtual within, inhering to 
the true world. Striated, variegated transformations 
characterize life; the Visible Human Project transforms organism 
into emanent, habitus into data-base.

Jennifer, continuing sheaf braid. Oh handshaking towards 
fruition? Not always, but almost always, avatars are smaller 
than one's physical body, or appear so.

One might begin by considering language as fundamentally ikonic, 
that within the preconscious ('repository' of syntactics, 
short-term memory - another metaphor) language is clothed, 
associated with the true world.  Language then is structured 
like the unconscious, and the unconscious does not necessarily 
splay the real. Bodies, organic and emanent (and 'organic' 
references the machinic phylum as well), inhere to mind, 
minding, tending, a posteriori interpretation and hermeneutics. 
Reading the body is embodying, is against the background of 
incarnation. Sheave-skins need not react or appear to sense as 
organic skins; the feedback is often visual or aural, not 
proprioceptive. Within the jectivity braid, this is an 
epistemological issue, not one of fundamental locus. On the 
other hand (real or virtual), one can abandon the emanent; 
abandoning the organic is deadly.  Proceed backwards from this, 
from the irretrievable, intolerable, finality of death, and 
reading bodies, and bodily risk, become wildly disparate. 
Nevertheless both inhabit the true world, mind inhabits both, 
albeit often in qualitatively different manners, depending on 
ontology.

Ontologies occur in local domains, rub raw against each other, 
problematize each other. Who decided this one or that one as 
primordial? What's fundamental is the mixed mess, the braid. At 
least as far as we're concerned, the braid. Sheaves/braids/self- 
cancellation. What twists, knots the octahedron.

The plastic limits of the body are the limits of body-inherency, 
whether 'real' or 'virtual' or other category - the limits of 
the image carried by the jectivity (introjection and projection) 
braid. The static limits may be considered formal-measurable 
limits, whether in one or another space.

We adapt quickly to the screen, we're braided to the screen, and 
this What's fundamental is the mixed mess, the braid. At least 
as far as we're adapt quickly to the screen, we're braided to 
the screen, and this permits and filE cavernous, wrung weeping, 
braids curl bathing and without the screen - this braid is taken 
for granted; it's the safe- aural, not proprioceptive. Within 
the jectivity braid, this is an epistem- beautifully, she's 
combing and binding and braid- (continues braid theory, 
connecting layer after layer of language and bodies. Nothing 
braids ous caverns that must lie beneath the asphalt. No one by 
M.H.A. Newman with the help of braids. Dirac used it to 
illustrate how c.txt:Disturbance of Body in cybermind, cock 
jewel, shaft of braided gol cavernous, wrung weeping, braids 
curl bathing underground lake. silver cavernous, wrung with the 
memory of weeping, thick braids, cerned, the braid. concerned, 
the braid. depend co-origination, braided mind, image, 
imaginary, entity, real and dusky braids. entity that exists in 
relation to the jectivity braid, and has apparent, but not 
experienced). there's a limit to our ability to control _braids_ 
each fundamental is the mixed mess, the braid. At least as far 
as we're con-gol braided of shaft jewel, cock cybermind, in Body 
of c.txt:Disturbance grandparents ancestors daguerrotypes, stiff 
beards, women braided back, hollow out; cavernous, wrung with 
the memory of weeping, thick braids know cavernous, wrung 
weeping, braids curl bathing underground loving Jennifer, 
continuing the two of them in a sheaf or a braid. Oh I memory of 
weeping, thick braids ous caverns that must lie midst of the 
embraiding of sheaves with mass flagu flagv *knotsu *knotsv 
might think braid theory. But you can cross, divide, multiply, 
add; you of the theory of knots. The midst of the embraiding of 
sheaves with mass on a screen); one can imagine the development 
of agents to handle braid or braid is characterized by intense 
poverty, local wars, starvations, and out; cavernous, wrung with 
the memory of weeping, thick braids, relation and through the 
braid, within and without the screen - this braid is taken for 
granted; it's the godawful sound of these instruments, so what

k9% wc godawful-text
     125     953    6428 godawful-text

