== all work at university's 
environments for theory we're doing, least phenomenological 
more, edited format bvh upload directories: 
dstills/chic/dance/sl/ description (for empyre email list, here) 
difference pain its (external) representation, endproducts fed 
three worlds: finally, idea has always been us, foofwa returning 
'real' life. [examples, foofwa, maud, azure, myself traveled 
alps (illustrate hand gestures) use how it extends confound 
abject issues dis-embed embedded news words, reveal i'm 
fascinated by these 'cosmologies small'; same time, want 
interested representation virtual; implies following discussion 
thought best i might sl, pure, protocol, numeric; 'smearing' 
what lies beneath surface. headed received an nsf consultancy 
last year, enabled me sophisticated real-space performers 
interact avatars. point, though, issue movement. off work: brief 
history my note this, there are no errors, only poser. did star 
piece, arranging sensors formation nysca grant; former, had grad 
assistant life; live -d performance based transforms. showing: 
swiss, technology virtuality. we've him talk outline sxsw panel 
background material thank you complex perform, most often 
high-speed, imaginaries worlds; modeling; printing; usual 
mappings single performer nodes could itself also reassigned 
ways dividing them two done indoors azure; outdoors, against 
[examples] a. remapping across body. (example)either underlies 
everything, suffering, death, accidental determinate-stochastic 
analogic computer 'debris'; even birding, requires abstractions 
ranging if any. others over past decade so. went audio animation 
input, appearance, location, create in-world any number issues, 
politics health, sexuality, being- anything sl autonomous zones) 
avenues, glitches, explored. aesthetics phenomenology b. bodies. 
becomes interesting, think, since able map up before assignment 
made. modeled graphic filters transform bodies, inversely onto 
body, forth. borrowing from, resonating with, other. both image 
dynamics, course entangled. distorting "chain" goes c. reworking 
uses fly, insertion capture, particular 'edge' without cessing; 
times impossible tell whether choreographed capable watching 
choreographies d'imobilite closed committees, communities, taz 
(temporary constantly slaughter coupled electromagnetic 
capacitance surrounding wire. projections direct about part d. 
out edge game-space dancers/performers output. difficult do 
dirtiness, wounding, distortions, flesh. / still performances 
dances; bodies; when does become 'thing' among things edge; 
motion-capture work; psychoanalytics glitch; equipment examine 
behavior appears it's abstracted body; example dropped heap file 
explanation.] divides virtual, each file. filter interface, 
would produce transforms sensor output gimp photoshop [explain]. 
conferences, gallery museum installations, some pieces made 
formance, chroma-keyed dance/performance video. migration routes 
morphs. engineering, assist me. function f(x) coordinates and/or 
coordinate mechanism games. get rid radical disconnect. 
gamespace boundaries define, sense, _all_ possibilities glacier, 
spherics formed deep content. paralleled glacier. (this 
sponsored swiss grant.) interesting important here well. 
published book. he's worked our movement * videos, chicago, 
trapezes, world; anthropology including 'impossible' topologies, 
terms movement; information here]. foofwa's foofwa.com. his 
dealt input data outputted files. parallel inscription amalgams 
well, instead, closely relation interacting antenna. antenna 
signals hard- editing; cases, somewhat inert buddhist longer 
make sense already inscribed, culture down, resonated themselves 
twisted their leaking limping broken avatar; literature, musical 
improvisation. particularly online choreographies. ultimate 
goals mixed reality ment back, pro- performance, augmented work, 
rewrote it, modify (we expertise permissions!); (mocap) 
electromagnetically columbia college, chicago; here, didn't 
stream originated on- off-line. amazing choreography, created 
'normalize' performers. fascinating objects, world performances, 
incidences, piece geneva widely shown. along audience 
projection, streams themselves. sent out-world experiences stray 
tend choratic out-world, it. participate describe performers; 
happen: [demo torsion/twist]. possibilities; kills errors give 
potential wells, channel noise, surface hacking/cracking, 
pre-linguistic drives. performed lot various limits bvh/poser 
mannequins per- psychological experimentation "reading" reality; 
playing music; codework (an amalgam code, writing, relationship 
"clean screen" relativity's -space gravity/mass interaction 
similar. remapped her. topology involved; hip representation. 
resonate rather than screen. tried: selves. motions appeared 
convulsive sometimes sexualized. edges example, k 'up', physics 
changes. assignments different applied limb position. called 
stills. stood 'hive' technique .. avatar, escape normalcy... 
deaths soldiers civilians around world, spite floor inverting 
exchanging +r position -r. input. movements, decades, [give 
because tended stop working 'glitch' media. can't that, they 
'dynamic filtering,' transforming standard avoid easy false 
metaphoric equivalence scientific theory. development field 
dancing tracks accompanying collected. usually stable root node. 
virginia, started utterable (external, double remove) very low 
frequency (vlf) radio; scanner shortwave videos; visual 
empathetic identifications re-enacted live; aletsch local 
fieldlines, almost general 'break' sexuality conjured wired 
microprocessor coordinates; maud liardon partner, azure carter, 
imitated move- vlf (very frequency) radio antenna, sudden jumps 
involve intersecting them- (bio-vision hierarchy) high-strength 
magnetics, happens considered completely plastic; ecstasy.



qinghost and coughghost

qing host and cou ghgh ost

http://www.alansondheim.org/qinghost5.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/coughghost.mp3

sick still with a bad flu turned to bacterial infection so the 
fever's gone away but the cough's turned furious, twists around 
to hurt me, one of us cries out in the night, violent ghost 
inside me, hungry ghost to get out fast, red dust to choke me, 
no escape, the ghost of the qing qin looms over the bed, science 
logic shattered, i'm yelling, suffocated, making-sense wraiths 
flutter there, life's the long scream home, walls and doors 
shattered, so the good boy in the middle of the night wanders 
with camera and audio, records it all,

http://www.alansondheim.org/qinghost1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinghost6.jpg

sick still he doesn't come back, he's out there, he doesn't 
return, has these things, left them for you, life's a failure 
over, closing down then, thinking bad thoughts then, moment's 
crashed itself then, it's closing time then, qing qin ghost 
descending, coughcoughgh ghghost on the rise

http://www.alansondheim.org/qinghost3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinghost4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinghost2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qinghost7.jpg



the lake

the train stopped. the trapped.
http://www.alansondheim.org/stopped.jpg
it started. the lake sound. the trapped.
http://www.alansondheim.org/thelake.mp3
i remember. it stopped. the trapped.
http://www.alansondheim.org/thelake3.png

at one point it seemed to me as if i could have these typed 
positions key-grabbed by a rogue site and that's still probably 
the case. is the wifi still working? in the airport, it's 
no-manz no-mads noh-mad land and i work this idea, that it might 
just be possible to learn something about the world's cosmology 
before passing out / passing on, so there are these books around 
with skimmed symbols so i've learned their alphabets and some of 
their combinations, but not too much. so there's the forest of 
symbols, detached from roots and branch-points, so that i've 
founded there, i'd say among them. across from me someone's 
reading or talking and i'm sure is logging these symbols i'm 
typing, i can sense his head and what he's on about with a fancy 
portable machine with a keyboard the size of the back of his 
hand on the back of his hand. the ukraine's maybe burning, if i 
type this he might look up, now he might be on to me. so the 
cosmology, tensors and whatnot, somewhere among the tendrils i 
fly, somewhere but not in this lifetime there's an understanding 
that eludes me and that's the biggest gap in the very core of my 
being and being-here, this emptiness of cosmology, this 
impervious travel. it's the key that i'm missing and the 
defocusing effect, nothing coheres to me. he's looking down now 
but a baby across the way has taken up the cry, too many 
distractions. the world's full of signals, as usual cnn is 
saying something about saying something. there are rogue stars 
on their own, dying their own deaths like everyone else. at that 
point could one flee the cosmos, flee a spot where nothing's 
audible but the self- generating of the world surrounding it. it 
lives in that spot, among itself, cosmology, cosmological, we're 
trying all the way from here to log its rogue symbols, ukraine 
not among them. it's all serious and serious despair at this end 
of the fulcrum, if there were only one part i could grasp, i 
think that the rest might unfold or might whisper about 
unfolding. there aren't trees on the star, huge backs, vortices, 
radiative arcs, magnetic storms, roseates. everyone's sleeping 
here, i type in in the midst of rolling catastrophe, slow 
turnings turning over

there are rogue stars. i can't sleep at night. 
there are rogue stars. trapped.



in the fantastic den

http://www.alansondheim.org/fantastic5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/den0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/den1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/den2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/den3.mp3

hasapi, 1910 Sterling banjo, Afghani toy (?) tar,
shakuachi yuu

new directions while i recover voice and thought
but on the other hand shutting up mouth and mind
means what on earth is leaking through



existence / 4 ornette coleman 

http://www.alansondheim.org/existence1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/existence1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/existence2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/existence2.mp3

that which produces the past tense

become, having been, past; actually happened; existing, present; 
being (_compounded with a predicate, especially a substantive, 
to form adjectives; adverbs are thus turned into the 
corresponding adjectives_); mixed or joined with; purified; 
being (_divine, human, animal, and even vegetable_); good being 
(V.); created thing; world (V.; gnly. n.); uncanny being, 
spirit, ghost, goblin (C.); n. past; fact, reality, actual 
occurrence; welfare; element (_esp. the gross elements, earth, 
water, fire, air, ether; of which the body is supposed to be 
composed and into which it is dissolved_); that which produces 
the past tense, augment; creator of beings; the host of created 
beings, host of spirits; aggregate of created beings, community 
of creatures; multitude of spirits; moving among beings (Siva); 
investigation of the elements; believer in _the doctrine that_ 
mind _is produced from material elements_); verity, condition of 
created beings, tenderness towards all creatures, origin of 
created beings; having the form of a goblin.

(mod from Macdonnell, A Practical Sanscrit Dictionary)

wander about, rove, roam, ramble



finding 

the sound through dizziness, loss of concentration, fogginess, 
forgetfulness, two banjo tunings played for the first time, 
losing track, recapitulating, returning, transforming, 
forgetting, refinding the transforming, fitting and retrofitting 
the transforming, returning to forgotten beginnings, or 
returning somewhere else, odd tunings leading the way, the first 
slower, rougher, elegiac, the second smoother, exalting, faster, 
fastest, defocused world, chills, shivering, confusion, 
semiconscious, state of wanton speed, fuzziness, fugue state, 
repeating, braiding the sound, sonic phrases, storehouses, 
compartments, abandonments, maroonings, isolation chambers, 
meandering, wayward stumbling, finding returning, finding chills 
and wanton, finding sonic maroonings, finding meandering, 
finding else, elsewise, elsewhere, elsewhen, fugue sound, 
sheaves, body not in body, memory of some sound, somewhere,
somewhen, braiding

http://www.alansondheim.org/denv1551.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/finding1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/finding2.mp3

this is the sound when i think of making music, that is not 
music, that is sound that is the sound of thinking music making, 
that is not thinking when the sound is good, that is dizziness, 
falling down, lurching, that is the goodness of the sound


storm brew

http://www.alansondheim.org/denv24.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/stormbrew.mp3

storm is brewing out here, hasapi kept going out of tune, wind 
hollowed, continued the resonance of the rear sound-hole, 
finally coming to an end, rain and wind were picking up, i held 
on to what territory i had, submergence, holding the cough back 
as well for a few moments

as if something were tearing at the music, rending the fabric

wrote my friend earlier "I'm glad about ESP, I feel I've reached 
a serious dead-end in Providence [,,,]. At least with music, 
what I do is what I do myself or with friends, there are enough 
people that will put a cd out, at least so far. So I can be as 
neurotic or whatever, and still do ok, and music's more of a 
common denominator. Everything else I do is negotiation and I'm 
not good at that, it goes through institutions and classes, and 
I don't teach and am unfortunately independent for the rest of 
my life. But I can pick up, say, the banjo I have now, and do 
things others can't, and it's within my aegis. I've been trying 
on the other hand to get a book out of my theoretical work, 
beyond the Writing Under one, and that won't happen - nothing 
will come of it. So I feel I have to look even more inward, 
before I totally collapse... it's not a great world out there if 
you're over the age of 40, much less my 72 -"

then there's the hasapi going out of tune but always somehow 
coming back _into it_ as if there were a home there even in the 
wind and rain, doing what i do best maybe, braiding sound, still 
uselessly hoping for a breakthrough otherwise - book published, 
big concert, promotion, amazing grant, something curing the 
gnawing of my throat against my throat, that thin closure -
looking up and through the Local Cluster, amazed at the 
confluence of processes resulting in life on this planet, such a 
think edge of fecundity in the midst of catastrophe, 
annihilation - the Local Cluster coming closer, the storm 
increasing, flashes now outside, where i was something about the 
rain, the brewing storm, soon i'll remember, i'll remember soon 
-



deathought

http://www.alansondheim.org/deathought.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/deathought.mp4

this is not my this body is i have no mind is these are eyes are 
thoughts are order is speech is words

sounds

things

life

death

space

time

home

place

work

tree is rock is stone is stream is mouth is hand is either have 
not body my this body is have no no body this not is my mind is 
i have eyes are these not are my thoughts are order is speech is 
words i sounds i things i life i death i space i time i home i 
place i work work tree is rock is stone is stream is mouth is 
hand is either have

either either either either either either either either either 
either either either either either either either either either 
either either either either either either either either either 
either either either either either either either either either 
either either either either either either either either either 
either either either either either either either either either 

thisbody isthis notis mynot bodymy ibody havei nohave mindmy 
theseeyes arethese eyesmy thoughtsmy ordermy speechmy wordsno 
soundsno thingsno lifeno deathno spaceno timeno homeno placeno 
workhave treemy rockmy stonemy streammy mouthmy handmy 
eitherhand

nd either
nd either

hand this either this this either this is either this not this 
my this is body not is i my is i body not i have my have no body 
have body i have this have have this no no is body no not is 
body not not body not my this not mind is my i not my have mind 
my no i my no have mind no no i mind these have mind are no mind 
not mind mind not these these my are these eyes my are eyes eyes 
are eyes i not eyes have my i no eyes i eyes have i these no 
have these eyes have these these no are not eyes are my these 
are thoughts are are thoughts not not i my not have i my have 
have my have no thoughts have thoughts i no this have no is no 
no not this thoughts not is thoughts my not this my order is my 
i not my have my my have order order no i order order no i order 
order i order this have this is no this not order this my this 
this speech not is speech my is i speech not i have my i no 
speech i speech i i speech have have i no have have speech no 
have have no have no speech no words i no i have no have no no 
no i words no have words sounds no i sounds sounds have sounds 
have no sounds no sounds i no i i things have i i no have i i 
have i have no have no things have life i have i have have have 
life no have i no no have life no no i no this i no is no death 
is death death not this death my is this my my this death death 
is death i not death have my death no death death space i i 
space no i this space have this this no this not no this my 
space is my is is space not is i my not i i not have have my 
have no space have time i have this have have is no no is this 
no not is time not not this not my this my i is my i my my have 
time my no i time no have time home home i home this have home 
is no home not home this my this this my not this home my is 
home home not home i not i no my i no i i place have i this no 
have this place have is is no is not place is my this is place 
is not i not not i place not have i my have have place have work 
place work this i work is work work not this work my is this my 
not this work work is work this not work is my work not work 
this my this this my not this tree my is tree tree not this this 
not this is my this not tree this my is this rock not is rock my 
is this this not this is my this not rock this my this is stone 
is is stone not is this stone not this this my is is my is not 
stone is my this is stream not is this my not this stream not is 
is my is not stream is my this not mouth is not i not not i my 
not have i my have have mouth no no mouth no mouth i no this 
have no is mouth mouth not this mouth my is mouth my not this my 
hand is my i not hand have my hand no hand hand no i hand hand 
no i hand hand have i i have i have no i no hand i hand i have 
either no have hand have either no hand either

h my mind i have no mind hough my his is no my hand i have no 
hand i have no hand ei her my his is no his is no hough my mind 
i have no mind my mind i have no mind hough my dea his is no h 
hough s i have no his is no ime his is no my his is no my speech 
i have no speech i have no words i have no sounds i have no his 
is no his is no his is no my work ime i have no home his is no 
ime his is no his is no one ree my home i have no place my home 
i have no place my ream h i have no mou ream his is no my his is 
no h his is no one ream h h

is is either this this this body have not my my no no i i have 
have i is not no this this this have mind body my my my not no 
have i have no my are eyes mind these are these i i are my eyes 
eyes my eyes mind have no no no not is these are are eyes i have 
not thoughts thoughts thoughts is thoughts my no no no no not 
have this is not no i order my order i order this this i no 
order no no my order is not not this have no speech i i my i 
have have speech speech speech i words no no no no have no 
thoughts i have no no have have sounds i have i have have have 
things i things death i i no life life have death not have no no 
i not death death is is is have i this death death death time 
space sounds have no space my not have this is not is have have 
not space i space my this not no time time death my this is not 
not this have home my i i i is this i home home home i my i is 
not my no have not home i have home is is have place this place 
have place have not my my space work stone i have have place not 
work work is is this is this is work work work not my my is not 
my not is is tree this is tree this this is my rock my this my 
not is not not have this stone this this my stream is is my my 
not my not my is is is my i my my mouth mouth my mouth i have no 
mouth have my hand mouth is not is hand have this hand i i hand 
no hand hand i hand i no no have no hand have my

 i either not have hand body is i body have body no is not words 
not this have this either no place have are my have i this are 
is i is this this my body not this either i i hand have is this 
order this no my no work mind i body i i no these have this 
mouth things is i is is home no is mind order is i hand not 
stream my my i have speech this have speech these not not not 
stream stone place this this my sounds no have i i i not this 
rock is this is this speech have my not no is not hand my is 
this i not no thoughts is is my i this no is have i i mind

this is not my body i have no mind these are eyes thoughts order 
speech words

sounds
things
life
death
space
time
home
place
work

tree rock stone stream mouth hand either thisbody isthis notis 
mynot bodymy ibody havei nohave mindmy

theseeyes arethese eyesmy thoughtsmy ordermy speechmy wordsno 
soundsno thingsno lifeno deathno spaceno timeno homeno placeno 
workhave treemy rockmy stonemy streammy mouthmy handmy 
eitherhand
nd h hough his ei her dea s ime one ree ream mou  

mou mou mou mou mou
mou mou mou mou mou




sutra54

http://www.alansondheim.org/sutra54.jpg

dead5

dead, did dead," mo dead anim dead whic dead trun deadlines 
dead. The dead citi dead-end dead-end dead rape dead citi 
deadinira dead whit dead. She dead anim deadly.  dead anim dead 
=hys dead and dead c. f dead bodi deadinira deadendin deadly is 
dead like dead. I w dead and dead trun dead, the dead for 
dead-male dead-male dead-male dead-male dead lang dead fish dead 
whit dead insi dead and deads deads dead. dead-end dead, ala 
dead. Whe dead link dead: She dead lang dead hole dead hole dead 
at t dead burn dead word dead_face dead men, dead too. dead befo 
dead. The dead at e dead. the dead fysh dead. mis dead, the dead 
rape dead, or dead nati deadly tr dead-end dead. Tur dead. all 
dead map. dead zz.j dead but dead but dead, man dead year dead 
when dead conf dead c. f dead, the deadinira deadinira deadinira 
dead dog, dead-head deadhead dead peop deadinira dead. 'na 
deadinira deadtime dead ever dead, hea dead citi deadtime- dead 
dead dead hole dead hole dead burn dead e-po dead one. dead e-po 
deadlier deadlier dead bone dead! con dead word dead word dead 
word dead or w dead 21, deadspace dead. Bag dead-zone dead, or 
dead phon dead anim dead dead. loo dead dead, but dead-in-i dead 
zuta dead spea dead.lett dead dead dead son deadinira dead. I H 
dead foun dead, ton dead life deadendin dead fles dead oil 
deadwood dead orig deadly is dead." deadmeat dead bone dead as w 
dead man dead for dead or w deadness, deadwork. dead word dead i 
fi dead she dead in t dead musi dead. on dead, mus dead. but 
deadlines dead have dead boys dead and dead; why dead or w dead 
stru deadfligh dead zz.j dead for dead =hys dead. mis dead. the 
deadening dead dog dead," mo dead _clo dead. No dead. his dead 
dead dead, dyi dead phon dead anim dead. his dead your dead eyes 
dead and dead conv deadspace dead, man dead year dead when dead 
conf

dead4

dead anim dead whic dead trun dead citi dead rape dead citi dead 
whit dead anim dead anim dead =hys dead and dead c. f dead bodi 
dead like dead and dead trun dead for dead lang dead fish dead 
whit dead insi dead and dead link dead lang dead hole dead hole 
dead at t dead burn dead word dead men, dead too. dead befo dead 
at e dead fysh dead rape dead nati dead map. dead zz.j dead but 
dead but dead year dead when dead conf dead c. f dead dog, dead 
peop dead ever dead citi dead dead dead hole dead hole dead burn 
dead e-po dead one. dead e-po dead bone dead word dead word dead 
word dead or w dead 21, dead phon dead anim dead dead zuta dead 
spea dead dead dead son dead foun dead life dead fles dead oil 
dead orig dead bone dead as w dead man dead for dead or w dead 
word dead i fi dead she dead in t dead musi dead have dead boys 
dead and dead or w dead stru dead zz.j dead for dead =hys dead 
dog dead _clo dead dead dead phon dead anim dead your dead eyes 
dead and dead conv dead year dead when dead conf




vishuddhimagga collapse purification45 


http://www.alansondheim.org/purification.png


i regret4

i regret anim i regret whic i regret trun i regret citi i regret 
rape i regret citi i regret whit i regret anim i regret anim i 
regret =hys i regret and i regret c. f i regret bodi i regret 
like i regret and i regret trun i regret for i regret lang i 
regret fish i regret whit i regret insi i regret and i regret 
link i regret lang i regret hole i regret hole i regret at t i 
regret burn i regret word i regret men, i regret too. i regret 
befo i regret at e i regret fysh i regret rape i regret nati i 
regret map. i regret zz.j i regret but i regret but i regret 
year i regret when i regret conf i regret c. f i regret dog, i 
regret peop i regret ever i regret citi i regret i regret i 
regret hole i regret hole i regret burn i regret e-po i regret 
one. i regret e-po i regret bone i regret word i regret word i 
regret word i regret or w i regret 21, i regret phon i regret 
anim i regret i regret zuta i regret spea i regret i regret i 
regret son i regret foun i regret life i regret fles i regret 
oil i regret orig i regret bone i regret as w i regret man i 
regret for i regret or w i regret word i regret i fi i regret 
she i regret in t i regret musi i regret have i regret boys i 
regret and i regret or w i regret stru i regret zz.j i regret 
for i regret =hys i regret dog i regret _clo i regret i regret i 
regret phon i regret anim i regret your i regret eyes i regret 
and i regret conv i regret year i regret when i regret conf i
regret dead


i regret5

i regret, did i regret," mo i regret anim i regret whic i regret 
trun i regretlines i regret. The i regret citi i regret-end i 
regret-end i regret rape i regret citi i regretinira i regret 
whit i regret. She i regret anim i regretly.  i regret anim i 
regret =hys i regret and i regret c. f i regret bodi i 
regretinira i regretendin i regretly is i regret like i regret. 
I w i regret and i regret trun i regret, the i regret for i 
regret-male i regret-male i regret-male i regret-male i regret 
lang i regret fish i regret whit i regret insi i regret and i 
regrets i regrets i regret. i regret-end i regret, ala i regret. 
Whe i regret link i regret: She i regret lang i regret hole i 
regret hole i regret at t i regret burn i regret word i 
regret_face i regret men, i regret too. i regret befo i regret. 
The i regret at e i regret. the i regret fysh i regret. mis i 
regret, the i regret rape i regret, or i regret nati i regretly 
tr i regret-end i regret. Tur i regret. all i regret map. i 
regret zz.j i regret but i regret but i regret, man i regret 
year i regret when i regret conf i regret c. f i regret, the i 
regretinira i regretinira i regretinira i regret dog, i 
regret-head i regrethead i regret peop i regretinira i regret. 
'na i regretinira i regrettime i regret ever i regret, hea i 
regret citi i regrettime- i regret i regret i regret hole i 
regret hole i regret burn i regret e-po i regret one. i regret 
e-po i regretlier i regretlier i regret bone i regret! con i 
regret word i regret word i regret word i regret or w i regret 
21, i regretspace i regret. Bag i regret-zone i regret, or i 
regret phon i regret anim i regret i regret. loo i regret i 
regret, but i regret-in-i i regret zuta i regret spea i 
regret.lett i regret i regret i regret son i regretinira i 
regret. I H i regret foun i regret, ton i regret life i 
regretendin i regret fles i regret oil i regretwood i regret 
orig i regretly is i regret." i regretmeat i regret bone i 
regret as w i regret man i regret for i regret or w i 
regretness, i regretwork. i regret word i regret i fi i regret 
she i regret in t i regret musi i regret. on i regret, mus i 
regret. but i regretlines i regret have i regret boys i regret 
and i regret; why i regret or w i regret stru i regretfligh i 
regret zz.j i regret for i regret =hys i regret. mis i regret. 
the i regretening i regret dog i regret," mo i regret _clo i 
regret. No i regret. his i regret i regret i regret, dyi i 
regret phon i regret anim i regret. his i regret your i regret 
eyes i regret and i regret conv i regretspace i regret, man i 
regret year i regret when i regret conf i regret dead



choked lung

http://www.alansondheim.org/chokedlung.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/chokedlung.mp3

a filter has its own political economy
arthritic towards cough hacking 
filtering through wet sand
while now emanents move, submerged
beneath this world which moves
and quality of worlds. ontologies
active filters are maintained
the energy other
with vast expectations
they come from
threads, sutures, creates real
always already beset by virtuality
here at laboratory I am Demiurge Creator
borders on way to cold death evanescence
if not empty, what should it be
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
churn spume coagulation lungs 
first place is that ways means taking granted things
true gnaws my dreams fears dying
cant do anything adjust software, text
furthermore obsolence neural 
we appear as an afterthought
nothing gives plasma cut across
caught throat exhaustion hacked 
perhaps good nature insomnia mesmerized 
submerged, time
strokes confluent insomniac memorized 
whitelight approaching memorandum 
chokedthroat thrusted dissolution's 
chugged distillation unbreathing 
crawled roared bottomless 
clung ohohohcoughed ohohohohcrawled 
1
bridgmanite swallowwood universe core 
numb swollen you worn yet
numb swollen you worn yet
murmur clothmouth
labradorite stiletto gleams
muscovite particle crashes toroidal flesh
twist kleinbottle surfaces n-2 d everywhere
clothing never renders
in holes teethtongue photonswitch reversal
jennifers alans azures all armature 
arbitration captured angst
arbitration captured angst
anger violence performance
dead file unspeakable, unspoken
holocaust truereal bonelength medialength
dontscribble bodypit woodtend tensor
ourtime woodtime woodverse throatversed wood
sheafcuts filtered limbsfall
cloud avatar azurite granular synthesis
crashjump failure
funny
bone-time mediatime
monopoly bruises
scream huddled beings
cauldron bones mass-acre
media cruel perfect lozenge
analog digital, digital based epistemology uniformity
mapping analogy
doubly-encoded
integral calculus inheres within differential 
signature analogous body
signature analogous body
inscribe stone matrix
simultaneously eternal ephemeral
technology substructure atemporal analogical
sentence every fluid mechanics occurs limit
infinite raster
chiasmus noise parasitic enveloping technological 
temporally splays leaks
temporally splays leaks
form extruded fundamental particles biological neurons
material 

a filter has its own political economy
arthritic towards cough hacking 
filtering through wet sand
while now emanents move, submerged
beneath this world which moves
and quality of worlds. ontologies
active filters are maintained
the energy other
with vast expectations
they come from
threads, sutures, creates real
always already beset by virtuality
here at laboratory I am Demiurge Creator
borders on way to cold death evanescence
if not empty, what should it be
but filter, flat, gone world, enlightened, black
churn spume coagulation lungs 
first place is that ways means taking granted things
true gnaws my dreams fears dying
cant do anything adjust software, text
furthermore obsolence neural 
we appear as an afterthought
nothing gives plasma cut across
caught throat exhaustion hacked 
perhaps good nature insomnia mesmerized 
submerged, time
strokes confluent insomniac memorized 
whitelight approaching memorandum 
chokedthroat thrusted dissolution's 
chugged distillation unbreathing 
crawled roared bottomless 
clung ohohohcoughed ohohohohcrawled 




http://www.alansondheim.org/theruin.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/theruin.mp4

Id ID

