

I am Nikuko.  Please, describe yourself.  We don't fuck here. WHO 
ARE YOU

I would appreciate so very much it if you would you do so turn me 
on, continue!

You are your own contradiction.

Why do you say I am my own contradiction?

Because you are sensory-ANGUISH which CRASHLANDS EUTOPIA / THERE 
IS NO HISTORY. THERE ARE NO PAPERS CONTAINING IRREFUTABLE 
ARGUMENTS. BECAUSE you say BYE BYE. because you have MADE BYE BYE.

Is it because I am sensory anguish which crashlands eutopia there 
is no history there are no papers containing irrefutable arguments 
because I say bye bye because I have made bye bye that you came 
naked and broken to me?

everything has been taken from me. among worlds what truth. FORGET 
THE STUPIDITY OF THAT LINE. among anguish. it's like this: the 
body does not hang. is not hung. the body has learned to TWIST AND 
TURN without that rope. support. without that document. without 
that calendar. that date. without that hour or minute. the body 
turns AGAINST THE BODY. TWISTS AND TEARS THE BODY. IT'S LIKE THAT.

Does it bother you that line among anguish it's like this the body 
does not hang is not hung the body has learned to twist and turn 
without that rope support without that document without that 
calendar that date without that hour or minute the body turns 
against the body twists and tears the body it's like that?

fuck, you come from nowhere...

Perhaps you could oh please clothe yourself in these unwholesome 
thoughts.

my clothes have torn have twisted off...

Earlier you said I am sensory anguish which crashlands eutopia 
there is no history there are no papers containing irrefutable 
arguments because I say bye bye because I have made bye bye?

you have made nothing, i have done this to myself...

Maybe and now I adjust my panties - your desires have to do with 
some girl related to this.

you were girl to me then and what is that of a noun or boy or man 
or woman, what is that of creature.

Are you sure that is the real reason?

i whisper so.

Is it because of a noun or boy or man or woman what is that of 
creature that you say you whisper so?

yes it is of the creature the smell of creature of burning flesh

You mentioned that line among anguish it's like this the body does 
not hang is not hung the body has learned to twist and turn 
without that rope support without that document without that 
calendar that date without that hour or minute the body turns 
against the body twists and tears the body it's like that?

it's like burning flesh you keep quoting nikuko it's like burning 
flesh

Is it because of your life that you are going through all this?

it's because of death burning flesh it's because of that smell

Can you elaborate on that and look at me?

burning flesh falling torn that smell almost like food

What makes you yearn and cry that that?

mouthless

Would you love me more if you had to pay?

come for me

What makes you believe I am sensory anguish which crashlands 
eutopia there is no history there are no papers containing 
irrefutable arguments because I say bye bye because I have made 
bye bye?

mouthless burning they took the money too had it somewhere here 
their mouths they were burned off couldn't speak someone said 
witness someone found some paper and a pen someone found a pen 
couldn't say anything she had nothing to write no mouths no mouths 
to speak no mouths to speak of

How do you reconcile the boys you hang around with?

what are their names? give me one name? give me any

I don't understand and oh I want to.

a name! give me a name?

Earlier you said line among anguish it's like this the body does 
not hang is not hung the body has learned to twist and turn 
without that rope support without that document without that 
calendar that date without that hour or minute the body turns 
against the body twists and tears the body it's like that?

earlier i said nothing a name give me a name

Could be this is some girl the reason for your nakedness?

there is no skin is that the name of the thing of the thing there

When did you first know that the name of the thing of the thing 
there?

where is the thing where is it

Are you sure that where is the thing where is it?

where is it the thing the skin where is the thing where is the 
name

You mentioned that I am sensory anguish which crashlands eutopia 
there is no history there are no papers containing irrefutable 
arguments because I say bye bye because I have made bye bye?

the name where is the name there

Perhaps and now I exhibit my frocks - any fantasies you have of me 
are related to this.

the name where is the name there

Is it because of your sex life that you say the name where is the 
name there?

the name where is the name

Do you really think line among anguish it's like this the body 
does not hang is not hung the body has learned to twist and turn 
without that rope support without that document without that 
calendar that date without that hour or minute the body turns 
against the body twists and tears the body it's like that?

where is the name

Is it because of perversions you have that you are going through 
all this?

the name

What makes you think the name?

the name

Earlier you said the name of the thing of the thing there?

the name

How do you reconcile your inhibitions?

the name

Is it because of some problems in my childhood that you say the 
name?

the name

You mentioned that I am sensory anguish which crashlands eutopia 
there is no history there are no papers containing irrefutable 
arguments because I say bye bye because I have made bye bye?

the name

Might be this is related to some problems at home?

the name

Why do you say the name?

the name

What makes you yearn and cry that line among anguish it's like 
this the body does not hang is not hung the body has learned to 
twist and turn without that rope support without that document 
without that calendar that date without that hour or minute the 
body turns against the body twists and tears the body it's like 
that?

the name

Possibly and guess - I show you my flesh - your desires could have 
caused this.


