> Julia Kristeva would be out of a job if it 
wasn't for the matrix...
or that highly specific location in geneva where the rhone and arve meet 
with the transformation of the waters.
thank you.



Human, specifications, outline, history


1. The continuous lineage of tool-making and inheritance from the paleo- 
lithic to the present, as tools create tools; this keyboard descends most 
likely from the Mousterian.

2. The continuous embedding of human debris, effusion, detritus, splayed 
across shrinking natural zones.

3. The parabola of reification as hand-axes went from use- to exchange- 
value back to use-value from the paleolithic onwards. Technological dawns 
of experimentation.

4. The constant cultural assessment, employment, reassessment, recupera- 
tion, of the body always from a horizon of the present; the body, every 
body, organism, always already a sign.

5. The hardening and reification of signs granted amnesty, signs released 
into the environment, the rise of two-valued logics with absolute negation 
such that --x -> x.

6. The great divisions, binary, tripartite, n-ite, of labor in relation to 
circumscribed and in-scribed natural zones.

7. The fortification of symbolic divisions, divisive symbolization, as 
natural, as the world increasingly signifies, as blind-land transforms 
into landscape into territory.

8. The division of labor of reification and signification.

9. The inhering of the digital within bullae, abacus, land-grant, psycho- 
analytics of narratology, digital myth, mythical digital.

10. The growth of jectivities - introjections/projections, as culture 
recuperates symbolic surplus, retemporalizes futures and pasts into the 
continuities of spirits, deities, sprites, geological features read as 
narrative puncta.

11. The corralling and organizing of jectivites as consciousnesses, the 
rise of monarchic tendencies.

12. Coagulation of monarchic tendencies towards greater aggrandizements, 
tallies, established histories, the organization of putting-to-death.

13. Reification of war as state apparatus, in relation to signifiers and 
the division of labor.

14. Organization of revenues, food, body, precious stones, raw materials, 
manufactures.

15. Energy.






time

the face registers the passing of time and atomic clock.
or molecular or particle clock irreversible inconceivable.
space is marked out as the body re/marks within capital.
the body of vision enervated and neuraesthenia of the envisioned body.
the face is that of alterity sublimated by desire. 
the face is the gnomen of time.
the face is always in the presence of the portal.
and just so every portal is a face in its presence of depth.
these images haunted me as they are wrapped in my human skin.
i am flayed for them, their red dust, my hungry ghost.
i am listening to a speaking woman hello and hello.
good morning and good evening working late tonight aren't you.
hello hello and goodbye your face among us.
i would gladly take your position and make it my own.
incontrovertible and as yet to be reversed.
the revision yes but of the imaginary signifier only perhaps so.
or of the haunted face to which nothing may be said.
just as the haunted speak themselves and to themselves.
just as we listen sideways or left of back to haunted women and men.



Annoying


Quite a while ago, I sent out an 'annoying egrets' video - egrets stirring 
up the bottom muck in a wetlands, with their feet and wing-beating. Here 
is some similar Canada goose behavior, with a body-rocking motion. 
Annoyance seems to be a close tethering between hunter and prey, within or 
across species, light or heavy. It involves an unexpected disruption of 
every-day routines on an insistent basis that demands attention; the 
attention is often an irritant on the part of the prey, whose habitus is 
broken. While annoyance may be novel or protean, it may gain ground with 
repetition, resulting in an action of some sort on the part of the prey, 
simply to discontinue the stimulus.

Annoyance corrupts routine; it is Serres' parasite gnawing away at the 
etiquette of life. It may be creative or deadly, or both; at the heart of 
creation, one finds violence. Ultimately, promulgation of the species or 
individual is impetus, to the benefit of the neuro-physical and physical 
life of the hunter. However, annoyance is always a dangerous game; it is a 
wager that nothing worse will occur, that the hunter will survive. It 
defines the edge or lip of the real; beyond annoyance is love on one hand, 
but wanton destruction on the other.
 

a construction embodying psychoanalytics

imaginary confrontation with the real.
orders of magnitude of capital and petrification.
substance infiltrated, sintered, recuperated.
topos bypassed, kernel retained.
uncanny afterimage affect of flows and floods.
mama, i'm burning.
catholicism of freud, judaism of lacan.
ruptured transparency of the look.



existence, future victim of stroke


the truth slumbers, it murmurs, mumbles, inconceivably thinned. within the 
fissure, neural cleft, error in brain anatomy, this text resides, 
information episteme. if i cannot speak, if i will have not been able to 
speak, then the material, materia dejecta, remains, i will sink into the 
real, with no report, no sagacity, no cause, other than, no cause. 
sinking, i will be _there,_ unable to tell, that which i do not know, 
which i will have no longer known, void, stroke, other.

:lost body-skins resonate among internals and externals, out- and in- 
gassing, our wonder is in the face of alterity, our dissolution, 
nonetheless an obdurate. it is the capsule or pill of the real, one drug 
as fine as any Other, melding through recession, midst of inflationary 
universe and absolute disconnect. in this home of the malady, i reside, 
able on to speak the truth.

:i consider a stroke which will forthcome, transmitting the gap between 
zero and one, that of being which recedes simultaneously always already in 
residence, consider _that_ residence, on the order of a matheme, Badiou. i 
consider a stroke as neural fissure and deprivation, i will have no longer 
remembered, that of the sheffer stroke, unrememberance of simultaneity, do 
the logic.

:tia tia mri eeg mra arm gee irm ait ait:

:Devour down tia tia mri eeg mra arm gee irm ait ait Brought Forth through 
the truth slumbers, it murmurs, mumbles, inconceivably thinned. within the 
fissure, neural cleft, error in brain anatomy, this text resides, 
information episteme. if i cannot speak, if i will have not been able to 
speak, then the material, materia dejecta, remains, i will sink into the 
real, with no report, no sagacity, no cause, other than, no cause. 
sinking, i will be _there,_ unable to tell, that which i do not know, 
which i will have no longer known, void, stroke, other.





Dance in the light of Badiou's event

A night-dictation event.

Dance events in the sense of being unprecedented, unaccountable, un- 
called-for. Its arrival is then allied in this sense to the digital, its 
appearance, its evanescence, simultaneously that of the analogic, its 
carrying out, its production within the body as the analogic. Just as the 
dance is simultaneously analogic, incapable of reproduction, incapable of 
recuperation (of the reproduction of the real). Just as the dance is that, 
it is also of the digital, in the sense of the body pressed against a 
second body, or the body pressed against the pull of gravity as an other 
body, or an other body, the dance is a dialectic between the two of them, 
but reduced or scraped in a sense by these two barriers which remain on 
the literal scale, irrepressible, so that a dance exists _there,_ within 
_that_ - simultaneous lewdness and de/production. Cohen's set theory of 
the continuum hypothesis accompanies this, 1 in the choice of hypothesis - 
any way decided - a decision somewhere being made - neither true nor false 
- can't be reproduced to that - but on the other hand a digital situation, 
choice or no choice - all of this is in relation with the Schroedinger cat 
paradox - in the sense of a collapse to a choice - although re: the cat, 
the choice is simply by virtue of the collapse - in dance the choice is by 
virtue of the choice - nonetheless a kind of forcing into one or another 
position - in a sense you can say with the continuum hypothesis - the 
continuum is produced as an alterity, an other order of things - or 
absorbed within the former order - within one or another order - in one 
case it produces itself as a horizon and in another case it is literally 
itself part of a spectrum of possibilities - perhaps in both cases part of 
a spectrum of possibilities. So we relate this to the dance - consider set 
theory in this sense as a allegiance to dance or dance as an allegiance to 
set theory.

In its inertness, in its inertness, the dance remains sexualized. In this 
I disagree presumably with Badiou - it is always already sexualized - the 
body that is dancing is not the neutral body of Cunningham, but is a 
sexual body from which Cunningham creates a state of lassitude or with- 
drawal, decathexis - an almost=neurasthenic state of neutrality which only 
exists in relation to the sexuality of the body within the dance, within 
the Cunningham-dance. Furthermore the sexed body may not be a divisive 
body, that is it need not be that which is binary or divided to one and an 
other, by calling it polymorphic, not polymorphic-perverse but polymorph- 
ic-heterological, a whole spectrum of sexualizations, desires, always 
already plurality, which may not be specified according to one or another 
anatomical distress, one or another positioning of the anatomical.

Initially one might say that dance is the interiority of the metaphysical, 
and if we pursue this, we can speak of dance as an interiority - of which 
the audience is only a (secondary) residue (just as the style of the dance 
is a secondary narcissistic panoply) - the audience is already an institu- 
tionalization, already a production by capital, by the organization of 
labor. The dance however is something else - the injury of the dancer - 
the injured dancer - guarantees that something else that dance is.

One might consider the dance as a projection or reproduction within the 
audience. Thus for example if one plays guitar there is a sort of mimesis 
within, listening to another play. So the body of the dancer is within the 
body of the audience because both of them are involved in movement which 
only becomes itself. There is also the issue of accomplishment. In 
watching the dance, one is always watching accomplishment, that is, a 
certain level, regime, of preparation is necessary for any sort of 
production - that the regime or preparation for the external audience is 
one that always emphasizes an external perfection. In other words the 
limbs continuously arranged and rearranged in such-and-such a way 
according to the exigencies of the dancer generally in dialectic with the 
choreography. However even in situations like these, one might say that 
dance succeeds only by virtue of the interiority of the dancing, only by 
virtue of desire, desire bifurcated into sexuality, desire to produce, to 
perform, to twist the body in such a way, or desire which becomes muted, 
mitigated, by a kind of meditation in which the body even for the dancer 
becomes something else which is the dancer, and which transports him or 
her, accordingly.

What is irritating, elsewhere, to critique, is the muteness of the dance 
in relation to all of this which gets back to all of this, to the 
beginning, to the inconceivabiity of recuperation, reproduction, for dance 
is mute, stet, shtut, nonsense, in a sense, as if that's all, as if 
nothing more. The most primary of arts, the body itself within the body, 
and the most secondary of arts, that it is dependent upon the body, that 
it exists in such-and-such a form only as long as such-and-such a body 
exists, the body of that particular dancer in relationship to that partic- 
ular choreography, that particular moment in time.

So not only injury inhabits dance, but death as well, the two inextricably 
intertwined, one without the other is unthinkable, and both within the 
dance remain unthought.



The Absolute Choreography of the Dance of the Dead


[The recording that plays forever is immobilized, inert, in-subject. The 
recording that plays one/One forever.]

The body of the dancer lies supine, breathless.
The body of the dancer slipped past consciousness, immobile.
Forever, the body of the dancer, stasis of the body. 
Slow irrevocable disappearance of the softer organs of the body.
The pose in situ.

Perfect, recuperable choreography. 
For every death of the softer death of the buried body. 
An unalterable choreography: an uttered choreography.
For only the choreography of the dead is utterable.

And there is no other of the other of the choreography of the dead.
And there is no other choreography of the dead.




as god is my witness i am invisible

vanquished every second from the presence of sight
evanescent site and languorous possession
god is my witness and god will lean back
god's breath is visible through eyes shut tight
at the center of every lotus my empty hands
my bony hands my hands of many bones

my hands are insatiable my hands drink the sound of the world
they strangle young peddlers and seize their bread and water
these words write themselves in the sound of an unknown language
the steep road passes through jungles of iridescent flowers
my palms press my eyes my eyes press my palms
unseeing unlooking unsounding the presence of hearing
the presence in the sight of god of an always dying man


dervish


"Why is there a history of dance, a history of the exactitude of vertigo? 
Because _the_ truth does not exist. If _the_ truth existed, there would be 
a definitive ecstatic dance, a mystical incantation of the event. Doubt- 
less this is the conviction of the whirling dervish. But what there are 
instead are disparate truths, an aleatory multiple of events of thought."
- Badiou

I hesitate to take on the order of the dervish without due preparation. 
However, the detuning of the detuning of truth always exerts itself 
through wrist and hand. My meditation is preposterous, at most a few 
seconds of inanimate energy. Nonetheless, I will trance you, tranc/itive 
among skewed consciousness. Thoughtful, in the midst of form formation 
form. 

one slides out from one beneath, slides out from beneath-one. one takes 
to one the possibility of the sound, evanescent signifier, markov 
unchained. always already liminal, music is.



pre-sent


Leslie Thornton, to me, in a dream, "I realized something about your work, 
Alan. You never historicize anything. History has no place in it." I re- 
ply, "It's similar to Michel Serres taking Lucretius as his contemporary. 
My work is situated in the present and argues in the present. I have no 
use for history."

I am on a vector now towards death. When I was younger, I could always 
believe my life was only half over, that my creative work was ahead of me. 
Now, it's now, and I have no time to lose. Every day wasted is an irre- 
trievable loss.

Samuel Johnson: "I have no begun the sixtieth year of my life. How the 
last year has past I am unwilling to terrify myself with thinking. This 
day has been past in great perturbation...and my distress has had very 
little intermission... This day it came into my mind to write the history 
of my melancholy. On this I purpose to deliberate. I know not whether it 
may not too much disturb me. ..."

I work towards the purpose of canceling such melancholy, which necessar- 
ily in-forms everything I do. In other words, the subject of the flight 
towards death becomes a subject of a flight against it, melancholic, a 
great waste. In every dark night, I take comfort only in the vanity and 
uselessness of comfort.

I do not write history, because I fear it; that way lies madness and even 
earlier death. Thus: I remain on the barrens of the present. As long as 
present is present, I survive. 

The slightest break brings black corrosion.


performance text april 11, tyler school of art

dancer twists him in her mirror, choreography master. meanwhile the empire 
procures the violence of perfect movement.  "hello hello!" can you hear 
me? the way I usually proceed is this: there are images moving on the 
screen / there is sound from this unit - as people come in. there are 
typing errors which are part of the piece. i keep more or less silent 
during the performance and then open up the room later to discussion - 
these pieces are influenced by dance / by the current political situation 
in the hart of empire / by sexuality / by broken language / broken english 
/ there are sounds everywhere around us that like birds tend to ignore 
what humans are doing, with the birds of course there are vulnerabilities, 
withe atmosphere, none at all, lightning in a distance on the other side 
of the globe produces many of these sounds, those of you familiar with 
very low frequency radio will understand this material immediately, no 
matter how much I tend to disguise it. the woman moves in relation to the 
antenna and modifies the antenna such-and-such. the strings of the 
instrument couple as well with the antenna. you're hearing radio waves 
directly, no microphone, we work that way in relation to the planet, to 
the foundation of the world. the foundation of the world lies in dance, 
not through ritual or repetition, but simply through the presence of the 
body in movement which seems to need nothing else for its success. 
understand this about the dance: what is repeated,at the end of the day, 
begins to fall apart, hopelessly, the body finally giving out. torn apart, 
dissembled towards a politics of culture that produced these torn 
fragments of skin and bone in the midst of the machinic, these are 
production of the machinic, these are desires flattened finally into the 
screen-product. ok, i'm not making much sense. think of abu gharayb, 
perhaps that might help, the dissembling of broken bodies, the fury of 
war, slaughter , minor elements which are past the point of any return, 
chaotic debris which can't reassemble into humans or any semblence thereof 
- here for example a twist which re/produces itself, falls apart, 
dissembles, tries for reapplication, loses itself, no such reconstitution, 
what is on the LEFT is further torn by the RIGHT. until an EXPLOSION back 
into culture - i.e. into cultural DEBRIS - what we retain - those elements 
of (sexual among other moments) desire that implant themselves on dance - 
so that the machine has a certain rhythm characterized by the presence of 
DIPPING DOLPHINS

at times the atmosphere is thick - you can hear it now - the 60 cycle hum 
that comes from the power grid - THIS power grid - the one in this room - 
which you can tap into - in a sense perhaps of absolute despair or 
catastrophe - this story is true by the way, the woman has disappeared - 
now you will hear HEAR the PRESENCE of a body in the midst of RADIO RADIO 
- Foofwa d'Imobilite (Geneva) dancing w/ VLF radio antenna - the room 
alive with power grid ECSTATIC ELECTRICAL FURY AND RESONANCE 
CONNECTIVITIES - yes yes yes it's true - a second performer on the scene - 
more wires/ more electrical inteference - more antenna couplings - the 
consumption of what ordinarily passes FOR GRANTED or silence - just try to 
listen to the stars when there are people around, nothing doing! between 
the electrical and the body falls the terror - not that of the whimper of 
Eliot but that of the Wolf (although personally I love wolves) - the 
background is the WTC footprint in NYC a few years ago - I'm using up my 
material too fast... i'm using up my best material... i'll have nothing to 
give you ... nothing remaining, im spent - well i fooled myself... i'm 73 
and still have a few tricks up my sleeve... i left the walker back in the 
car... someone will have to help me get up later... used to be a dancer 
like merce cunningham he's still choreographing in his 80s moved until 
just a few years ago it's the body of the dancer - the body of the dancer 
that history plays out upon/against - injuries which appear in everyday 
behavior, but disappear during performance, injuries of the imaginary -if 
you close your eyes you can actually believe this is a musical - at night 
i dream and recently had a dream in which leslie thornton sitting 
somewhere here, anyway she said that my work has no history, that it has 
nothing to do with history, and i realized, this is true, it's doing 
nothing but riding and writing form, it's shape-riding, it's in other 
spaces altogether, btw this will continue until i stop it - it's not true 
that one 'learns from history' - that history absolves one somehow of 
making mistakes - history should be abolished - let it take all those 
religions along with it - nothing will be lost but we might survive, 
perhaps enough to write the history of the future - so these works, well 
they're flat, they're just here, now, i might throww them out in a while 
(files), put them up on the net, lose them in the 500 or so disks I have 
storing these things - in the dance itself there's an image of a woman 
with her legs spread - the boy is screaming, screaming... - it's all the 
result of oil - well you get the idea - george bush drives the oil which 
configures the broken body which leasd to the screaming boy which finally 
devolves into the crashing airplane carrying the HEAD of the HEAD OF STATE 
which might be GEORGE'S BUSH - meanwhile back home, useless home movies, 
back into the dance or medium of the dance again - you'll thank me later - 
this is in the midst of the narrative where an 'impasse' occurs - that is, 
whatever bodies are on the screen bode somewhere else - the screaming is 
done with as is the crashing plane so enough of that - maud was dancing 
solo, there was no one around, nothing was going on in the auditorium. she 
was just there, as if she were inside herself, in her own private space, a 
room of her own, the rest of the dancers having left for the day, or 
leaving the space for her imagination, what a ballet-moment for one of the 
premiere dancers in switzerland, just there, internalized, against or upon 
the screen -meanwhile on another continent, i asked azure to dance, not 
against the screen, but within it, moving herself into that imaginary 
signifier which takes bodies, makes them whole again, meanwhile in another 
continent, other moves perfected, swirled, against filibert's momentum, 
there are difficult times and difficult dance, these are -

now comes the difficult time,the point of all of this. let's see where we 
are. the screen is absollutely flat but screaming at the sight of the body 
or the site of the body. nothing else exists within the imaginary, i mean 
this is all debris, three-dimensional assembled debris, which returns us 
to Abu Gharayb, those photographs which were equally debris, oh why 
seargeant couldn't you have destroyed these LALALA? instead, we're faced 
over and over again by the sex of war which is always already an 
imposition - against which each and every image i have ever created is 
disposed/of - deposed - This was a dream I had. Something gave birth and 
something collapsed against itself. What gave birth eliminated or 
annihlated the mother. What gave birth showed in lamps showed in avatars 
while the real continued to disappear. I'm watching all of this, see, this 
viral display, something "coming up" as if uncalled for - ah, i can see 
you're restless, there's not much more to go, don't worry, perhaps four 
more minutes, these figures which are formed from torn and disheveled 
motion capture equipment, the body resymmetrized, dissolved, divided, the 
figures as if "hood ornament" for the Pageant of the Masters in Laguna 
Beach California... - yes and to return to the electrical, you're 
listening to the wifi connections around washington square park in New 
York City, you can't get away from the grid easily, it's only to go away 
that you can finally here, what? hear the sound of the stars themselves, 
what you can hear in just a moment just a minute, hold on, the body's 
finally going, finally disappearing, just the planes are left,

this is the dawn chorus, recorded at 4:am in the morning in Wilkes-Barre 
Pennsylvania with a VLF radio and antenna, you're hearing the sun

thank you - 


"I did not ask to be born,
but now that you mention it..."


pour

THEORY is not far behind... I have a show (with Leslie Thornton, Foofwa 
d'Imobilite, Azure Carter) opening in Los Angeles in six weeks, god I'm 
unprepared, such a huge space, no idea what to do about it! We've got 
projections everywhere but linking quicktime to play on alien hardware? 
Nothing fits like a bad dance. Images pour out of my mouth. I want to 
write so badly! Last night I dreamed of a chalk-white body-flesh built 
into a wall, no wait, it was a wall! I was scratching thin lines in blue 
and red on it! Wait, the lines were through something, a thin layer like 
eggshell, the wall was behind, it wasn't eggshell. I began to think, in 
twelve years I'll be seventy-five! I haven't done anything! Nothing 
worthwhile! What will become of Azure? Of our world which is rich beyond 
anything I could have imagined! Today for example I found Confessions of a 
Magnetist by Alphonse Teste in German, translated from the French, around 
1840. Truly remarkable! There's an illustration, I'll photograph it, a 
young woman laying back, not supine, no, in a chair, salon environs, there 
is a small audience. Precursors of Svengali and Trilby! But this man isn't 
Jewish, there's none of that taint as far as I can see. No, this was 
novelty at the time! Unusual! He could have his way with her, I'm sure! 
But there are too many people around! I'll treasure the image forever! 
I'll put it in the show! Scopophilic avatars, no wait! Scopophilics 
scoping out avatars! Scoping and feeling avatars! Supine! Neurasthenic! 
Hungering! Hungry ghosts prowling limbs of young women! Young men! Horses! 
(Read descriptions!) Me? I can only mold them, limbs, breasts, penises, 
vaginas, arms, legs, torsos, did I say heads? There are lips, eyes, I can 
make them hungry! Hungered! Haughty, but not for long! I'll devour them, 
remodel them! They're mine, mine! On the altar of all that is Holy, they 
are mine!

sday, April 13, 2006
Well, goodgrief, me and the missus were out at an eatery when we ran into 
old friends, we well had a time of it, and thought you might too. Is this 
what is meant by a digital life? I don't believe for a second in anything 
except human inertia, intransigence. What is here remains until the final 
slaughter. The prime mover? The superstructure itself, as power coagulates 
like a blood-wound around the head of state. Every day, fury increases, 
elsewhere. When it arrives, this talk, this useless talk, will end.

When the silent film comedians moved to talkies, they found themselves 
hampered by studio executives, directorial authority, time constraints. 
They exist between two worlds; every moment might be a triumph, but is in 
reality the collapse of the body beneath capital.





Segmund


Everything I've ever thought or done has gone into this movie. This movie 
is that political movie situated between Dreyer and Godard, no, between 
Bergmann and Godard. For there has to be Godard. Even now, a film which 
passes Godard, obliterates reference to cinema. But a serious film. Well, 
a video. But a serious video that obliterates film. For there is nothing 
that film does that video cannot do. There is nothing that cinema does. 
Well, there is nothing that cinema does anymore.

The imaginary, a signifier. So a signifier of dead theory. Well, theory on 
the cusp, that is, before networking. Or theory which is networked, but 
not about networks. Theory on the verge, on the lip, but not on the 
threshold, theory before, that is theory prior to, the threshold. Not an 
imaginary signifier but an imagined signifier.

What is it that people speak about, in these days of dead-film, dead- 
cinema? It is not what people spoke about. Cinema is what they spoke 
about. Cinema is history, networking is speaking, video is what they speak 
about. Listen to a conversation, well it is not the same conversation, it 
is always already a future anterior, already a dead conversation, people 
speaking from the dead. Among living networks, video, living performance, 
organisms. The dead are a carapace on the living. Cinema is popular, is 
always popular, if not film, the enormous screen, eye, darkened theater, 
imagination, comfort of infinite speakers. 

What is, is already superceded, therefore what is, is not. What is, is 
signified, temporarily, momentarily. One might consider an instantiation. 
What is, instantiates. What is, the speech of speech. Not the speaking, 
well, what is speaking but the past? But the past of everything, every 
flow, every moment, organism? Or perhaps worlding?

Well, there are no worlds, no whirled, no words, no, worlding shudders, 
disappears against the storm. Of the storm, one thinks. Of the storm, 
tsunami, charred bodies, flooded bones, smashed tissue, exploded organs. 
Of the storm of the future anterior which is, which is always already will 
not come, has come. 



NULL/YOU 


It begins and ends with /dev/nul. It is the impossible, inconceivable 
set, NULL = {x}(x not = x). What is not equal to itself? in do.mp4 a 
gender = wipe = smear/residue. Crash-land windshield, nothing doing. What 
can be done with annihilation? 

It began and ended with /dev/nul. What was done with annihilation?
CRASH LAND!

It begins and ends with /dev/you . It is the possible, conceivable set, 
YOU = {x}(x = x). What is equal to itself? In storymoan.mp4 a gender = 
double = splay/fall. Get-up mirror, everything going on. What can be done 
with creation? 

It began and ended with 'dev/you. What was done with creation? GET UP!

You're an intensive movement. You're wayward. You veer from 0 to 1. You 
know there's nothing else, not here, not there, not in any other universe. 
You don't care. You turn on with electric. You walk */electric avenue/*. 
In every building you take shelter. In every building you're doomed, 
naked, gendered, annihilated. Nothing is an accident.

This - my work - sustains me. My work is a moment stretched to the NUL. 
YOU stretch my work. I write this under the influence of absinthe. I write 
this in the vestibule. I write this upon the empyrean. Sublime, I write 
the Sublime. Impoverished, I create the impossible.



Analog Instrumentation

Alpine zither. Relationships with ch'in and taksim. With VLF (very low 
frequency) radio "events" which are deeply random, but often possess wave 
trains. With the touch/caress of the resonant body which metaphorically 
relates to elementary physics and the world at large. With elements of 
air, metal, wood. Is theory ever final.

ii Take up: 
Exchange value: Digital. bit(n)|bit(m) 
Use value: Analog. bite(n,m) once again. 

Analog: the bite of the instrument, bight of the shore. Metal pegs tend to 
slip, strings unwind or break, wood cracks, the body expands or contracts 
dependent on humidity, soundboard warps, frets go out of true. The analog 
is a tending. Analog noise: Finger noise, body-tapping, wolf notes, string 
and nail contact positions, nail roughness, breath sounds, string squeak, 
fret sound, fingerboard sound with bending, player's body movements 
against the soundbox. The frequencies are inexact: no frets are ever true, 
string pressure sharpens the pitch, there are a-harmonics and a-harmonic 
resonances, the instrument couples to its support, the fingerboard and 
body warp slightly with finger pressure, oxidations and dirt tender the 
string further out of true, there is always peg slippage with pressure, 
vibrato and bending stretch imperfect metal memory. A tending or movement 
back towards pitch, pitching as catastrophic memory, sudden halting of 
sound for retuning. The mapping is always imperfect. Labor: the labor of 
the arms, wrists, fingers, body leaning slightly towards the fingerboard, 
careful breathing somewhat isolated from vibrato, muscle tensions and 
memories paralleling dance. Warping: unequal expansion or contraction of 
upper or lower soundboards or instrument sides, twisting of one or another 
surface, unequal expansion or contraction of different woods or metals, 
finger-pressure on one or another surface, expansion or contraction due to 
cracking, humidity, pressure, wood curing, oiling and waxing, physical 
mistreatment.

Digital: Of this at a later date. Electronic noise and noise floors. 
Human-instrument interface. Switch noise. Acoustic coupling of transducers 
including microphones, earphones, speakers. Analog sound 'falling through 
the cracks' depending on bandwidth. Data corruption and technological 
obsolescence of computers and storage media. Problematic power supplies. 
Problematic of analog noise. Problematic of acoustic space-mapping. 
Standing-waves, speaker placement and cone inertia, line losses, failed 
checksums, bandwidth limitations. Digital and digital reproduction.


Of the Dream

Nightmares infiltrate, surround me, breaking barrier and border, dissolv- 
ing surface and substance. This is literal, concrete; it's what I suffer 
through, night after night, almost all my waking life. At one point, the 
nightmares were nameless, and I would be destitute, unable to function the 
next day or days. Now they are of different orders, just as menacing. Two 
night ago, before this sleepless night (I have finally left the bed yet 
again, shaking), I had the following dream. I was making love or beginning 
to make love to a woman, a preacher's daughter. I had oral sex with her 
years ago. Her father had a collection of snuff films. In the dream she is 
lying on her side, facing me, on a platform or plinthe of some sort, her 
head to the left, her body a book or a picture, landscape or tableau. I 
begin to caress her body, a mixture of her own, as I remember it, and 
Azure, as I know now. Her body is wet, as if covered with semen. In the 
dream I am tumescent, my arms around her, moving her towards me. It is at 
this point that I become her, that my body drops away. It is at this point 
that, behind her, that is behind me, there is a menace. I remember only 
the claws. They begin to scrape, to scratch her, they begin to dig deeper. 
It is a rape in which the body, my body, is torn and penetrated every- 
where. Her body, my body, was the color of dark cream; the menace is gray, 
shadow-bound. I remember thinking, just before I woke: This is a dream in 
which I am transformed from the dreamer to the thing dreamed. It is a 
dream in which my identity changes, a dream which is transitive, a dream 
in which position and gender are transformed as well. It is a dream of a 
transom or threshold 'turned to stone,' a dream _from which ultimately I 
am excluded,_ waking, once again, in a state of horror. The body of the 
dream is in relation to the body of http://www.asondheim.org/A4.mp4 and 
the sound of the dream relates to the matsui pieces described at 
http://nikuko.blogspot.com , but a sound which is harsher, Wagnerian, 
tumultuous, a sound of frenzy in matsui1 and hollow in matsui2. But a 
sound which, in dream, was silent; only the tearing of flesh, the clawing 
accompanied by screams, the preternatural moans and trembling with which 
the dream began - only these formed the matrix of the other which haunted 
me to wakefulness. I cannot say more, or more to the worse or better, 
about these fixtures of my existence - only that my mind curses me far 
better and far more often than others are capable of. I can trace evil in 
me, but who cannot? And as others escape, so I am bound, to dream and 
symbol, writing and written, as well. 


[a picture goes here]

Recognition

I'm safe writing here in the blog. I write in a window, an apparent 
opening in the surface of the screen. I extend myself. I recognize that 
the window is indefinite in size, that font size for example changes the 
apparent dimensions, which only exist as virtual measurements, idealized 
numbers somewhat along the lines of capital.

And tonight, this body not _of_ the screen, shall have a panic attack. For 
this body is perhaps a third of a meter in depth, of soft skin and bone, 
easy to smash, dissolve, decay - a body which starves quickly without food 
or water, a body more than halfway on the road to death.

It is a body which, as you read this, may or may not remain alive. It is a 
body always already smashed, punctured, at war with itself. It is a body 
of misrecognitions, malfeasance, inopportune moments. Yes, a body of the 
inopportune.

I attach yet another drive to my computer, two-hundred and fifty 
gigabytes, spelled and spilled out. The machine does not recognize it. I 
recognize it; it is here, on my left, next to, adjacent to, the screen. It 
has a certain feel to it, and it is powered and connected. At first it was 
assigned a letter or a name, P:, and now that has disappeared, and there 
is in fact nothing to assign P: to, and nothing assigned to the drive. The 
symbolic link is broken, although, from without the machine, it is all 
that is in evidence. But not the protocols, which, like cybernetic flows 
in general, exist only problematically - something which gave the old USSR 
trouble as it tried to fit information technology into dialectical 
materialism. Now, here, at this corner of space-time, the material is in 
evidence, but the line of communication is broken; the virtual is 
corrupted.

Perhaps I write P: on the drive itself. Perhaps I write +P: on the drive, 
and -P: on the USB socket the drive plugs into. I demonstrate, perhaps, 
the relationship to the cat, to my partner Azure, to anyone or anything 
within calling distance. But not within interiority. And if the machine, 
the computer, is opened, so that interiority spills out onto the table, I 
would have to say, not within _that_ interiority.

What I recognize, in the silence of the drive and its inane uncoupling, is 
my death. This is the end of the depository, of capital, the beginning of 
death, faltering of memory. Death will not come among the epistemology and 
ontology of the real or the virtual; it circumscribes ontology. I remember 
a student of Lyotard telling me how frightened he was of dying, how 
_scared._ I still read his words, in books, layers of crystalline 
information dependent upon the _times_ to make sense, cohere, to be 
<+P:-P:> - bra and ket. "Dirac is dead and all knowledge with him."

The dead reach out; it's the smallest distance, this trick of memory which 
remains unrecognized - this distance, perhaps a centimeter - I may reach 
out for example, and touch that plate of macrobiotic food I could see, and 
smell, so clearly, at arm's or finger's length, nothing more, Proust's 
madeleine, but _outside_ - where epistemology, materiality, hold sway, the 
disconnect is permanent - a stretch of time or movement of three decades - 
or a week or a second. It doesn't matter. It doesn't connect. No amount of 
capital will help.

Every letter, here, is a nail, holding skin and bone in place.



First, Second, Third, Fourth, the Slowness of Arches


First and fourth are modified.
Second and third are natural.
Nothing is modified of course and nothing is natural.
Flesh gathers around archslows.
When the body transforms into self-medication.
No, when the body implodes with natural information.
No, when the body transforms through true modification.
I wish I could take you down to Strawberry Fields.
I wish I could live forever.

Second and third are modified.
First and fourth are natural.
Nothing is natural of course, not even death.
Isn't death a modification?
Nutrition gathers around archslows.
The body explodes with modifications.
I'm tired of the ennui called death.
I wish I could die forever.
And I would die forever.
This is a true modification.


0

1

BOMBED SPACE AND BOMBING SPACE
GUNNED SPACE AND GUNNING SPACE
How can we LIVE in the MIDST OF THE BATTLEFIELD!
Huddling against the floor, there is safety -
Hungry ghosts on the prowl for love and death!
I AM A HUNGRY GHOST
I DO NOT REMEMBER MY OWN
I DO NOT REMEMBER YOUR NAME
I NEVER GIVE UP I NEVER GIVE UP
I will speak to you through the atmosphere:
IWO JIMA DEATH SPACE!
IWO JIMA FLAG SPACE!
If I am ANYTHING I am DISHONEST
If I am ANYTHING I am FILLED WITH GREED -

In the DEPTHS OF THE ATMOSPHERE
Listen to the LIGHTNING
Listen to the POWER GRID
MAMA-PAPA ELECTRONIQUE
MIAOU
MIAOU

Now we shall speak of the COMPUTER!
O Dance! Embrace Us! Embrace Death!
O USELESS! i wear your freedom like sex
O USELESS! your freedom robs my own
Our LIVES DESTROYED WE KEEP ON DANCING!
Our Lives BURN!
Our MUSCLES ARE TORN WE KEEP ON DANCING!
Our bodies BELONG TO YOU!
Our bodies are fed to the evils of religion!
Our bodies are torn and shredded!

SPACE OF CIVIL WAR SPACE OF SEX
SPACE OF IONS SPACE OF RADIUM
SPACE OF SOLDIERS' LAST WORDS
SPACE OF WRITING AND DREAMING

TROUBLING POSES AND TREMBLING POSES
The GRID OF HUMAN AURORAS
The GRID OF HUMAN POWER
The building GROANS WITH THEIR PRESENCE
There is no rest here in this space!
They will slaughter us in Protest!

This is my DREAM ALOUD
This is my EMERGENCY
WITNESS: THE DISMEMBERED AVATARS
WITNESS: UNCANNY BEAUTY AND TROUBLING POSES

We are ALIVE in the IMAGINARY!
We are ALIVE in these IMAGES!
We are BRUISED WE KEEP ON DANCING!
We are INJURED WE KEEP ON DANCING!
We are the NUMBER NUMERICAL OF THE WORLD!
We are the SKIN and SCAFFOLDING OF THE WORLD!
We shall dance and fuck in Protest!
We shall mourn the passing of America!
We shall mourn the victims of torture, 

You can hear the WOUNDED
You can hear the WOUNDED
Your slightest gesture remains unfulfilled!

2

are you speaking to me
are you speaking to yourself
every i is murderer
every i is murderer every i makes love
every i is murderer every i makes love
every i makes love
every one a murderer
horror in its absence
horror is horror

i am so ashamed
i am so ashamed i cried
in Gravity
in its very absence
in the ROAR OF THE POWER GRID
in this SPLAYED SPACE OF MEMORY
in this SPLAYED SPACE of desolation

inside YOU in your SPLAYED SPACE
is horror
of Abu Gharayb, together!
of the World!

the world WORRIES the CHILD
the world WORRIES the DEAD 
this sexed display, this turn of fate
this turn of fate, this violent display
un cri doux coeur-choeur!

when i meditated on ECHO ECHO ECHO
when i meditated on the worlds of war
when i saw them written here
when i saw these images written large
you and I are SPLAYED


Philosophy

1 
How to begin philosophy, how to begin the process of philosophizing, an 
activity, a form of labor, the philosopher and the production. Whether the 
philosophy is cast asunder, whether it is interpretable, that is, 
translatable; whether it remains intrinsic to the act of philosophizing, 
therefore bound. If bound, whether it is of the substance or thing or 
continuity of its creation, or whether it is of some other substance, some 
other, cast asunder; whether the production is one with its production; 
whether the producer is one with the production. Here beginning without 
return, without recourse to the return, beginning in the sense of an act 
of writing designating this particular production which is named 
'Philosophy.'

2
Of such, without recourse to the return, because of evidence: one cannot 
return, or rather a return would be always and only from the present to 
the present, operable upon a remnant of the production, but only the 
remnant, which would be drawn into presence, or re-presence. It is evident 
that undoing is not that of doing, that one alters, that things have 
altered, that things have altered within one within the world; that one is 
altered within an altered or altering world. That the world is what is 
evident, that the world is without recourse, without return. That the 
world is therefore unbounded, bounded without the boundary or delineation 
of the return; that the present is this unbounded, continuous unbinding. 
The present is a filter. The return is nowhere, returns nowhere.

3 
Of such, without foundation; the present has no foundation; neither within 
nor without, neither within the apparatus of writing nor without. Mathema- 
tics possesses no return; every mathematical statement is foundation; 
every mathematical statement exists and presences. Of mathematics and its 
production is identical; is unique; is inescapably equivalent. Identity 
and equivalence remain within product and production; are remnant within 
product and production. Mathematics is that within which identity appears 
and appears exactly within equivalence. The world is that which is without 
identity, with the appearance of identity, without equivalence, with the 
appearance of equivalence. The splitting of the world is the splitting of 
perception into classes of apparent identity and apparent equivalence 
whose boundaries remain within the present, are imminent; but whose 
boundaries are such as projections. The projection of a boundary is within 
the present. The history of a boundary is a projection.

4
Consider a toaster or electronic computer; consider anything which may or 
may not be present, presencing; this is of the order of philosophy, always 
already an acceptance; every reduction includes; or includes, at least as 
construct. Thus of the panoply, or rather panoply, which is present, 
presencing; then what of memory, of the enumeration, accountability of 
objects? In philosophy, these remain within the presence; they appear 
recuperable; they appear identical or equivalent; this is appearance, 
genidentity; this is always other. This is the giving of permission of 
philosophy the killing-ground or grounds of philosophy; the winding-sheet 
of assertion. A man or a woman, an organism, a being, a human being, 
universals, these presences accompanied by deductions, for what is a man 
or a woman if not recognized as such; if recognized for example as thing 
or flesh; if recognized as meat; if recognized only as thing or flesh as 
meat. As for recognition: a problem for cognitive psychology, for 
neurophysiology. As for the symbolic: transformation and transforming 
structures, structures undergoing continuous transformation with the 
appearance of equivalences. As for mediation: the appearance of extension 
of appearance of equivalences. Mediation: a presencing, a present. One is 
always already synchronic; one is never diachronic; one does not live in 
time; one does not extend in time; one is replete; is fullness; the world 
is panoply, fecund; the world is a world of potential; potential is 
incomplete. There is no completeness in the world. There is completeness 
in mathematics; there is no completeness in mathesis. Mathesis is of the 
present. Mathesis is presence, the ontology of presence.

5
As in digital manipulation of layers, the world is flattening by the 
subject; is always flattening; there is no depth; depth is an illusion; 
multiple viewpoints; apparent histories; apparent identities. The 
flattening of the world: the stitching of ontologies, suturing 
epistemologies. Thus the thetic, continuously working as the gesture 
works. The gesture is working language; language gestures, gesticulates. 
Language is always at a loss; hence the fury of language, presence of 
obscenities or thickening, escape routes, of interjections, phonemically 
other. Representation is the same; the same of the other; chiasmus: other 
of the same. It is a disturbance of flattening which is flattening. 
Disturbance is the apparency of discontinuity, anomaly; flattening is 
substantive; substance. To disturb - to nudge - is to initiate 
bifurcation, response. The limits of discontinuity are catatonias; 
analogic inerts; substance is limitless. Consider an epigenetic landscape: 
the flattening of the real. Consider elementary catastrophes and their 
extending sheets: disturbance.

6
In my work several decades ago (I mention this only in relation to 
Badiou), I wrote and write of farming-out; the perception of temporality, 
of progress, resulting in the collocation of disciplines, subjects, within 
which specialists take care of advance, increased knowledge, goods. 
Temporality tends towards complexity; cellular automata can grow 
in-conceivably chaotic within a few generations. The regular or reiterated 
which is death (certainly without recursion which leads to quantitative 
jumps) is unimaginable; it is the circumlocution, centrifugal forcing, of 
the world. The apparency of disturbance tends towards centering. "Now I 
must proceed without time."; with the perception of time; of what is known 
now, what is processed now, as opposed to; what was processed; what was 
processed then. What was conceived then; what I conceive now what was 
conceived then. This is a conceiving; a state of conceiving; the bundle of 
conceivings constitutes the world which appears undergoing transformation; 
always irreversible. But not irreversible in fact: from presencing, from 
presence there is nothing to return to; the state is unpresent, 
non-present; one says "the state has vanished" or "we've moved on."

7
"I conceive of the world as such-and-such." "What is it that is being 
conceived? What is conceiving?"

8
There is no Now; there is no philosophy of the Now. The present presence 
is smeared, fuzzy; it is degenerate; it was never generate. Philosophy is 
from present presencing, from this smearing; it is irrevocable; it cannot 
be constituted otherwise. The Absolute is embedded in time; there is no 
Absolute to return to; the embedding is within the present. The text is 
always its memory; the text - any text - is always memory. I speak and 
write concretely: this is such-and-such a writing which is only 
inscription, artifact; the artifact is present, before you; the artifact 
is presenting by virtue of your procurement. Everything, the world, 
artifact, product-production, appears as, exists within, reconstitution; 
the subject (who is always already embedded) recuperates, which is the 
definition of the subject; objects do not. To recuperate is to draw 
boundaries, definitions, negations: X = this; not-X = that. Not-X is 
always problematic; it's "that" may be fuzzy, complementary; chained; 
non-existent; indecipherable; generative or degenerate, degenerative. This 
is the difficulty of the monopole in ordinary language within an ordinary 
world; that is, what is termed the "lifeworld," or world of daily life. 
The lifeworld is presencing, as if a gift or given; there is no negative 
or negation; negation is a drawing. What occurs, occurs, is, is. 
Flattening is necessary construct; thus disturbance within flattening 
portends negation which is channeled within flattening. This is the sphere 
of daily life which appears extended.

9 
Fiske: The "discovery of the law of gravitation, as well as the 
invention of such a superstition as the Hand of Glory, is at bottom but a 
case of association of ideas." I cannot comprehend Being; Being does not 
exist in my comprehension, nor in my understanding, nor in association, 
nor in empathy. Of beings, I understand association. Being is a taste, a 
connoisseurship of the world or collector of the world, tending towards 
the final object. If Being is not absolute, what is? It is as if what is 
given "is given"; it is not; the thetic tends towards the thetic; 
circumlocution occurs within the same flattening as the world at large; 
writing is such a tendency. The philosophy of sex, of sexuality, of love, 
of war, hate; the philosophy of culture; of media theory: all are 
farmed-out; all are within the provenance of disciplines, speciality. Art 
is the drawing of negation; art is a disturbance of association; art 
reveals the flattening and non-Being of the world; even within its 
presentiment of Being, non-Being. Art is corruption; preservation holds 
its own in the skein of decay. To create is to bifurcate; creation is 
discrete, the rasa no exception. The commonality of art is gesticulation; 
the commonality of art and language is gesture. As for sexuality: 
"Language is always at a loss; hence the fury of language, presence of 
obscenities or thickening" [5] - rupture is production; sexuality infects 
the social; the infection is the social. Jouissance and preservation: 
farmed-out to psychology; psychoanalytics; biogenetics; anthropology: this 
central drive whose centrifugal emotion colors everything; presents or 
re-presents the philosophical as determinative property, boundary, 
territory and its circumambulation. Sexuality has no belonging; philosophy 
is a speaking or carrying-out a longing for belonging, lengthening of 
situation, just as death dissolves belonging which rites recreate for the 
survivors. Obscenity is obscenity in its absence, its impossibility, of 
circumlocution, a symbolic axis of interiority. Obscenity is that which is 
spoken because it cannot be spoken; philosophy is an obscenity; a 
pornography; its speaking is a flattening; a circumdiction of disturbance; 
what is called a therapeutic or meditation; a dreamwork or working- 
through; what is symbolic labor. In labor exchange value and use value are 
equivalent; to think otherwise is to mistake ontology for content. The 
value of labor lies in reification; in "fitting" (Bohm); in the production 
of materials; of thought; operations within or across ontologies; emotions 
or prime numbers; bricks or philosophy. Obscenity is valuable in its 
valuelessness; it works, working through nothing; it is contrary or 
wayward, contradiction; obscenity occurs within the Sheffer stroke dual 
"neither A nor B"; in its elsewhere; in its range outside the organization 
and data-basing of labor and its production.

10
Of the absurdity of analysis of X: X-beneath-the-sign-of-Y- analyzed or 
mediated by Z: Z(Y(X)) for example; forgive the errors of category. A 
loss: Philosophy exists qua philosophy to the extent that Y is 
problematic; that Z turns away; turns the other face; that the tending of 
X; of the world; is towards Other. What can be said dissolves in 
speciality; in the interconnections among specialities; in the discourses 
of specializations; that is, in the discourses of analysts; perhaps in 
analytical discourses or discourse. The value of art is in opposition to 
the value of labor; art is active and potential laborlessness-in-produc- 
tion; obscenity underlies both; underlies philosophy; violence and 
sexuality underlie obscenity; obscenity underlies both.

11
By default we are stewards of the earth. An irresolute contradiction: 
beginning and ending of philosophy, absence of, not absented, Being; 
philosophy of this labor, this presence, this present: but: philosophy not 
of psychology, not of sexuality; neither the tropology nor the speciality; 
therefore the body present and absent; desire present and absent; mathesis 
present and absent: but: the remoteness of philosophy; remoteness of 
mathematics; remoteness of fundamental ontologies; within beings without 
Being. Therefore "by default": given that there is none, that there is 
none other; our ethos: subsummation of the other; recuperation of the 
other within the same; recuperation of the same within the other. Sheffer 
dual: "neither A nor B"; Sheffer: "not both A and B"; the fundamental 
"jectivity" - projection and introjection - expulsion and incorporation - 
exculpation and absolution (the register of ethos) - of organism in 
relation, in dialog, dialectic, with the world: imminent perceived 
environment - the project of organism, project of the environment 
vis-a-vis organism. The given without the giver, given without the gift, 
limitless, unbounded: the present. Stewardship by default: the given of 
the world, the wager of local zero-sum. Foundation of belief in relation 
to "what is to be done": Second jectivity, the overlay of ethos, Spirit, 
what passes for foundation. The foundation of belief is in passing. Is in 
passing as such. Belief is nothing if not of consequence; the consequence 
of belief is stewardship.

12
The basis of stewardship is decision. Decision is bifurcation, digital. 
Bifurcation is fundamental: the Schrodinger cat paradox depends on it. 
From analog continuous waveform to digital. The suturing of the digital: 
flattening; flattening by the organism in relation to the organism and its 
functioning. Suturing: the mathematical operation of integration. The 
other side of flattening: Contrast increase: the mathematical operation of 
differentiation. Differentiation is the basis of survival Differentiation 
is a disturbance of the digital within the analog. From disturbance, 
suturing. Worlding is dialog-dialectic among flattening and disturbance.

13
Here philosophy no longer speaks: I no longer speak. For what is being 
spoke is, can only be, speech broken by the world. Speech by its very 
present-presencing is always already broken; philosophy breaks on speech.

14
"Of such, without recourse to the return, because of evidence: one cannot 
return, or rather a return would be always and only from the present to 
the present, operable upon a remnant of the production, but only the 
remnant, which would be drawn into presence, or re-presence.'' The return 
is inconceivable, a conceiving; the return: from heroic travel; from death 
to birth; from wound to heal; from anomaly to suture; from digital to 
analog; from (mythology of the) death drive to (mythology of the) death 
drive; from arousal to satiation. The return is as-if, fiction. The return 
loops; there is never a return; the return re-presents the world; all 
re-presentation of the world is the appearance of return. To return is to 
re-possess; possessions are repossessions. The loop of the return is the 
process of reification; it transforms the appearance of inherent value 
into exchange; within mathesis, it is capital. Capital is seeing the 
world; it is eternal presence. Eternal return is always eternal presence; 
it is the presence of as-if-I-had-known within the I-know; return is the 
foundation of culture.

15
Return is the foundation of culture; desire is the foundation of culture; 
language is the foundation of culture; sexuality is the foundation of 
culture; product-production is the foundation of culture; disturbance is 
the foundation of culture; differentiation is the foundation of culture; 
negation is the foundation of culture; there is no foundation of culture 
as such; there is no cultural foundation. (If the world were not a stew, 
philosophy would be axiomatic; if philosophy were axiomatic, there would 
be no philosophy. The exhaustion of the absolute is the absolute of 
exhaustion.)

16
To clear the house: the necessity of God/Spirit/Meaning; abstracted 
capitalized universals. These are misrecognitions, misapplications; from 
the specific to the general; from the imminent to the immanent; from many 
to one; from one to One. Occamic pragmatism; eliminate them. They are of 
service (they do not "serve") intrinsically; they comfort; they provide a 
matrix (as-if from matrix to Matrix); the appearance of transcendence; the 
therapeutic of warding-off death. They contradict flattening as tropes of 
disturbance. They appear from elsewhere, elsewhen; they appear elsewise; 
an introjected Other. Beware of capitals; of Capital. The projection of 
capitals returns as meaning; returns the loop; implies foundation (as-if 
from foundation to Foundation). They recuperate, exculpate, death (as-if 
from death to Death). They are the marrow of human culture. Farm them out; 
construct theologies, emblems; consider them (capital) Emblematic. Thus 
the symbolic emerges (from pre-linguistic, from proto-linguistic, from 
"chora") as-if from the Emblematic; as-if the Emblematic situates the 
symbolic vis-a-vis the human. From "situates" to "Situates," situation to 
"Situation"; Situation is generated by the Emblematic. To follow-through 
is to follow through with difficulty; with the problematic of 
verification. Adopt what works; otherwise adapt. "What works" = "what 
works for you."

17
From meanings to meaning to Meaning; from beings to being (copula 
included) to Being; from spirits to spirit to Spirit. But the last already 
implies an ontological split, disturbance, fueled by the foreknowledge of 
death; by problematic causal explanations of lifeworld events; by the 
recuperation, exculpation, of random tragedies. From humans to spirits is 
the production of meaning extended to the imminent. From imminent to 
immanent is father than the eye can see.

18
Flattening is being in the world; it is, references (what is, here, 
references) the style of the world.  Depth absorbs disturbance, literally 
circumlocutes, circumscribes. The totality of circumscriptions of 
disturbances constitute a cultural textuality. The calling-forth of the 
Emblematic follows suit, exists within linguistic-psychoanalytic 
registers. The Emblematic is constituted by the virtual; from the virtual 
(as-if) to the Virtual. The virtual is always already within the world; 
technology, from tacit knowledge through electronic avatar, augments it. 
Augmentation filters (appears to filter) flattening; appears to distort; 
appears to generate depth (ontological fecundity), multiply-connected 
manifolds (epistemological fecundity). The virtual is inner speech, 
historicity and fecundity of interiority; philosophy is always already 
virtual; the discourse of the virtual is philosophical.

19
Every symbol is a ligament of avatar; every referent is a gesture; every 
gesture procures the body; every body is a speaking body; every body is a 
spoken body; every body is spoken-for.

20
Organism inhabits the symbolic; the symbolic is not a matter of 
consciousness; a manner of consciousness; the symbolic is a manner of 
worlding; of inhabitation. The provenance of the symbolic is not solely 
human; the provenance of stewardship lies within the symbolic of the 
human. "By default we are stewards of the earth": precisely because of the 
extension of human power; of the vectorization of human culture. 
Vectorization: the physical extension of culture, the sprawl.

21
Distinctions among protocols and interfaces; every interface is protocol; 
every protocol interfaces; each is pole ("poles") the other; each 
participates in flattening. What is external to protocol: inconceivable 
content, subjectivity; what is internal: invisibility, objectivity. From 
GPS through VLF radio: the measurement of the world, its skein. What is 
required for visibility, what technology, organism, protein? Protocols 
extend perceptual tacit knowledge; functionality. Of etiquette let it be 
said it is first and foremost exclusionary. Cybernetic feedback 
designates. Protocols distinguish, differentiation and integration in 
dialectic. The symbolic remains unread; the symbolic is transparent, 
readable. For the first time a three-dimensional map of the second planet 
from the sun is available for visual search with or without placenames 
given a desktop configuration of sufficient power. Protocols are the mute 
inverse of stewardship; they do not serve; they serve-to. Interfaces are 
not end-points; they bridge ontologies, continue the flow. Mind locates 
nowhere; is located nowhere; extensions extend without center, centering. 
Mind locates within presencing present; mind locates nowhen; is located 
nowhen. The purpose of philosophy is to pare; to pare even the ladder or 
the propositions. Philosophy has no purpose; it is not an exhibition; art 
is exhibition and venue; philosophy chatters; philosophy is doing and 
reading philosophy is a continuation of doing. Reading philosophy is the 
pretense of interface; doing philosophy problematizes protocols. To do 
philosophy is not to have done with philosophy.

22
"I have promised you a journey which is a journey of no return; a journey 
of conceptualization or imagination; a journey within the imaginary. There 
is no return in return; there are no loops in looping; what fits has 
always fit; what does not fit remains incommensurate. If I integrate: 
flattening and the apparition of death (which never appears); if I 
differentiate: disturbance and the reality of organism (which always 
appears; always is apparent). This philosophy - this of all philosophy - 
tends towards particulation, particulate matter; tends towards emission; 
tends towards gathering." Reverse Sheffer stroke and its dual: from out 
there, possibly from A or B, the appearance of A or B; B; from out there, 
the appearance of A and B. From a distance: the disturbance. In the 
neighborhood: flattening and absorption. The abacus of infinitely fine 
grain appears to the base infinity; the abacus of extraordinary 
differentiation signifies presence of the framework. What was once 
dialectic clearly has no resolution or leap; no tendency towards 
bootstrapping elsewhere. Instead: continuous dialog, information, 
absolutely mute: indiscernible processes. The world is infinitely 
invisible.

23
Infinitely invisible: What is seen on the surface of granite for example 
hides interior grains. The granularity of the world is always already 
inaccessible; art serves to make symbol of substance; of the surface of 
substance; of the cloak or masquerade. Art is farming-out; physical 
analysis is farming-out; microscopy is farming-out. Microscopes/telescopes 
reveal everything and nothing; occurrences continue on 
ontologically-cohering n-dimensional manifolds. Everything is what it 
appears to be; nothing is what it appears to be; everything is leveled, 
intertwined, intermingled, mingled, muxed. Ontology only goes so far to 
the portal of universal origin, "big bang" and inflation, just as 
increased accelerator energy may conceivably generate "new" and unexpected 
phenomena forever - the only limitation is economics (Brillouin). Nothing 
satisfies; ontologies may be enumerated, epistemologies extended to 
theoretically-infinite tolerances; it is all the same - not ennui (that 
surely is different) or boredom (that surely is different as well) or 
defuge (the same). One might say this is a "condition of the age." Of 
course there is no thing-in-itself; there are always already others.

24
"The condition of the age." "Organism inhabits the symbolic; the symbolic 
is not a matter of consciousness; a manner of consciousness; the symbolic 
is a manner of worlding; of inhabitation." Of steward and the symbolic, 
the emergence of ecology. The fundamental ground of ecology: non-existent, 
function in relation to ethos. Ethos is always already consensual, 
boot-strapped; ethos is implicated in, implicates, the Emblematic. The 
ecological presupposes states of innocence, states of the pre-symbolic; 
language corrupts, is corrupted; violence coheres to language. The 
steering-mechanism of the ecological is survival; you might argue as well 
for the symmetry of beauty; for the inherency (rights, behaviors, 
cultures) of organisms; for any functional attribution (medical 
discoveries, cleaner air): these are framed, frameworked, farmed-out. What 
can be drawn from all of this? What lessons? That the world possesses an 
Ought: that X or Y ought to survive? Every X or Y is contested. That I 
agree, that I agree violently, is irrelevant; only that my violence might 
impinge on your design. I desire the presencing of a world with few 
intruders; I will argue that, but I cannot found that. That I argue that, 
is happenstance; is a decision in which belief, not Belief, plays a role. 
The trick is to drive out transcendence, ignore immanence, violate the 
slightest appearance of the Absolute; the trick is the sublimation of the 
sublime. Do I need to argue this? Must one fight?

25
Do animals have rights? Do humans? What constitutes the "have"? What 
constitutes inherency, granting? What designates the social? What 
designates the "natural-social"? Rights are ad hoc; situational; communal; 
group-identified; legislated; unjust. I cannot appeal to justice; to 
justice = Justice. Must I fight?

26
Such issues are articulated; self-organize; within a structuralist 
territorialization; disappearing outside or beyond (they are beyond) any 
emblematic. When I = ego = Ego appears within this, this short-circuits. 
The I is always present; now it is surface, ""my" violence" "on "your" 
design". This is normal philosophy, non-paradigmatic; philosophical 
biography is not far behind. The text corners the text; self-references; 
deconstructs. Retreat. (I emphasize the shame of writing, the 
written-tawdry, the embarrassment of presence. Let production produce 
production. I withdraw.)

27
Beyond or external to mathematics, mathesis, 0 and 1 are situational; they 
are discursive tokens, floating signifiers. What one presents, the other 
exculpates; what one withdraws, the other absolves. 0 is already a 
multiplicity; just look at it. Articulation leads quickly to power sets, 
cellular automata chaos, differentiations, growth: differentiation to the 
degree-zero of substance, the analogic. What is ruptured at close sight, 
smoothes at farther; both are latent, developed much as a photographic 
plate. Set-theoretical paradoxes are the rubble of mathematics; the 
mathematics of ideal forms remains in light of them. The continuum 
hypothesis is subject only to choice outside of the continuum hypothesis; 
someone does something one way or another with mathesis, axiomatics, 
infinities. Mathematical ontology is the structure of the world; sets of 
parameters define all that there is; such parameters may be ab nihilo, 
virtual, real, stochastic, chaotic, fuzzy; given certain dimensions, 
certain tolerances, they exhaust. A message from elsewhere is a message by 
virtue of structure and interpretation. A lesson: the I withdrawn in favor 
of; as a result of; as a consequence of; the eye. And the eye withdrawn, 
withdraws.

28 
Philosophy as philosophy of organism-situated-in-the-world, as human- 
thus situation; philosophy elsewise as that of ultimate species: both 
employ the emblematic or Emblematic. What is to be done with the human? 
Farmed-out the answers are in part ethos-dependent, ethos dependent on 
disciplinary values. Ultimate species: To the extent that philosophy is 
concerned with ulteriority, exteriority, the being of the world, beings of 
the world; then is philosophy intrinsic; then is the Emblematic always 
already employed; limit phenomena are Emblematic phenomena: give a name to 
universal containment / containment of the universal. Philosophy is 
nothing; philosophy does not veer; philosophy is veered. Philosophy is 
concerned with nothing; organisms are concerned; concern is a 
characteristic of organism; negation is a characteristic of concern; 
concern is a characteristic of negation. It is the concern of organisms 
that is filtered into philosophy, farmed-out, of living. What is the 
concern which is filtered? The concern is a disturbance. The concern is 
either circumlocution or its problematic; recognition or misrecognition of 
the same. The concern is the deconstruction of circumlocution; 
circumlocution, circumscription ==> a presentation of the world as-if 
Emblematic. This philosophy is the withdrawal from (not of) the 
Emblematic; the withdrawal is a tendency towards defuge, towards 
discomfort and its problematic. Defuge is that which is simultaneously 
absorbed and negated, simultaneously cathected and decathected; defuge is 
the shame of the organism, the transformation of the pornography of the 
world, through usage, into waste. The inverse of the Emblematic is defuge, 
which presences presents no name, no characterology, no tropology; the 
being of granite is the being of the organism upon reflection. Reflection 
is the doing of philosophy, its accoutrements. Reflection is 
reflection-upon; "upon" does not require an intentional object, state, or 
process; "upon" may be decathected. What is neutral is of no interest 
altogether.

29 
"How to begin philosophy, how to begin the process of philosophizing, an 
activity, a form of labor, the philosopher and the production." Nothing 
can be done that has not been done, here. Nothing can be cleared that has 
not been cleared, here. Having begun, how to continue; of summary or 
conclusion: how to avoid both, the result rag-tag description, farmed-out 
explanation, epistemological flattening, local ontologies, adjudication 
and circumlocution of the Emblematic, the Emblematic found wanting. The 
tread of writing visible, indiscretions; appearance of textuality, fear of 
self-reference, defuge. There is nothing here to guide by stars. There is 
nothing of faith, nothing for the faithful. The world is the world as 
such, thetic, mute, flattened. One speaks, writes, as if something has 
been accomplished; nothing has been accomplished, neither declarative nor 
performative. The granularity of the world, pixellation, dominates those 
texts which might otherwise nourish the dark night of the soul. No soul, 
no spirit, no variegated ontologies, local ontologies, fecundity of local 
epistemologies, framing. One says one thing; one says another; puns 
undermine both; belief is of little consequence; belief = consequence = 
Belief. Consider this a writing of the world; rewriting of the world; 
writing worlding; writing of presence, present, present writing. This is 
the construction of this. Within the future anterior: this will have been 
appearing; this will have appeared; this is appearing. (This is online 
writing; this is being-online; this is a procurement of a description of 
the world; by organism; by veer or swerve; by disturbance; this is 
disturbance. This is history.)

30
(By flattening I do not mean flattening; by disturbance I mean disturbance 
of meaning; all meaning, the procurement of meaning, is disturbance. 
Within the future anterior, this will have been completed.)

[none forthcoming]




two short essays by Jennifer

Violence

Why do I write these things? Alan won't have anything to do with me and I 
want him so much to have to do with me! So I told him I'd write about 
violence which I guess means fighting and hurting people. 

Well, violence certainly never did me any good, and I asked Nikuko and she 
said just the same thing. But then I got to thinking (yes, I can think!) 
and sometimes it just seems the only way to get things done. If you push a 
bulldozer over a cliff, it can't hurt any deer any more, can it? I know 
there are other bulldozers but-the-exigencies-of-capital-create-a-situa- 
tion-of-limited-surplus-accumulation but someday there won't be any more. 
And if I look at our great country of ours the United States of America, 
I see a killer in the White House of our Presidency and it's a good thing 
I don't believe in capital punishment because he has killed far more than 
any serial killer on television and he's allowed to walk the streets. Well 
he didn't kill them directly, it was what television calls a "mob hit" by 
other people he pays to kill of his enemies along with his friends and 
cohoarts Mr. Rove and Shaney and Mr. Rice. If they were really alive they 
would be hunted down and-killed-by-the-police-like-the-dogs-they-are and 
thrown into jail where they could be attacked by other people there who 
lost loved ones in a world full of torture and lies. I know that violence 
is bad and wrong but if someone is doing hurtful things to people you love 
shouldn't you stop it shouldn't you? Does that make me worse than Satan?

Old Age

Alan keeps telling me he is invisible but I can see him. He says it's the 
cultural-grid-spitting-out-people-over-a-certain-age way things are, that 
after a time you can't get any work and who would want to work anyway. I 
think it would be terrible if Alan starves to death but he is unbelievably 
inkredibly old and he won't have do suffer long because even if the 
starving thing doesn't work he will die soon anyway, we spend lots of time 
talking about this, he doesn't seem to have anything else to do except 
fondle me.



The Story


I drive a 2005 Jaguar S Type. Taking home 6 digit level in 18 months. 
Having a great time. It's a blast and I am a hero to the courts and to my 
clients. What an outstanding career to be in. I know God is on my side. At 
night I pray for my good fortune. I wonder how many will believe me, or 
how many will just find this "literature." I hate literature with a 
passion; it is not the force that drives this mighty civilization. Doing 
exactly what God tells me to do is working beautifully. I go to the court 
and locate all of the clients I can handle. Some say this is a court "of 
last resort." I say this is the difference between Law and Justice, 
between reason and the vigilante. For I mete out Justice which some find 
Law. I find all assets and employment. Funds arrive to my PO Box. It's 
like magic. I love it. I can take a holiday when ever I have a whim to do 
so. Hawaii and a 1050 footer to the Panama Canal this year. Yes, God has 
been good to me; my boat is one fifth of a mile long, less 30 feet. It is 
a wonderful length and I walk it during my meditation. For I do question 
the mathematics of this world, and my Jaguar and 1200 foot boat do not 
distract from my ultimate goal of solving this world's problem, while 
retaining an absent ontology which some may well considered entitled to 
the name of "Absolute." Here is what I have dreamed, closing the great 
chasm that lies between us:

"Thereupon I descended until, as the ocean's surface came nearer and near- 
er, I discovered a tiny island lying almost directly underneath me. It was 
hardly big enough to make a dot on the biggest map, but a clump of trees 
grew in the central portion, while around the edges were jagged rocks 
protecting a sandy beach and a stretch of flower-strewn upland leading to 
the trees."

Now it is clear that the island is that of mathematics, and the central 
portion is the refuge of axiomatics. I am certain as well that the clump 
of trees is the effusion of postulates necessary to remind us of our 
finitude in the grasp of idealities. Moreso, the jagged rocks are those of 
chaos and catastrophe theories forced from smooth manifolds, just as the 
flower-strewn upland references the set of those cellular automata whose 
patterning is inherently irregular.

My house is filled with the latest plasma, RFID, and wireless technolo- 
gies, yet I do not seem happy, not even when I have completed mergers, 
foreclosures, or buyouts. I cannot reasonably deny that a central core, if 
such there be, is missing from my life. But when I close my eyes, or ride 
at high-speed in my Jaguar S, Something tells me it has all been worth it. 
My only question is: What, or who, is that Something? Where is happiness? 
When is joy?




True philosophy; the Mirror of the World: take this seriously


Exhausted uninterpretable code remnant; the mess or ruin; collapse equiv- 
alent to sublime: The ruin of the world; this is the world's ruin; 
standard-normal debris; standardized tolerance; to a specific loss of 
resolution; all the resolution in the world couldn't interpret this; this 
is gone code; it's not unique code; it's algorithmic; it's stuttered into 
oblivion; it's germinal; it's grated to the degree of rupture:

The mirror of the world; the world's a ruin, uninterpretable; this is the 
symbol-symbolic of the world; the world's its imaginary; this is time; 
this is the style of the ending of time; this won't remain; this won't be 
considered; this won't be decoded:

This is how the world is; this is the only truth of the world; this swings 
between interpretation and collocation; between the pile and the bulwark; 
between the analog and the digital shoring-up; they're melted; they're 
lost; they're communication's dissolution; it's to be insisted: this is 
how the world is; this collapse; this multiple-folding; this corrupted 
folding; this entropic heritage; this bored language; this sequence:

pico zz.txt | sort zz.txt | yy | pico yy | sort yy yy | pico yy | sed 
pants other olive older oetry nlppppsp p ppnlpppp ppnlpppp teacherpnlp 
pico zz rev zz | yy; | pico yy mv yy zz h1 || zz pnlppppp nlppppp p nlpp 
tenorpsp teeth sweep stuck stone still space south pp nl paperpp0105766sp 
nlpsp nlppsp pp nlpppnl ppsp ppppspnlpsp ppppppsp pppppspnlsp pnlppnlppsp 
| pico zz | sed 's/^ //g' zz | yy | sed 's/^ //g' yy sullen string street 
's/sps//g' yy | zz | pico zz | sed 's/^ //g' zz | yy | | yy | pico yy sort 
yy | pico yy | sort yy | zz; | pico zz | sort zz | zz | pico zz | sort zz 
subject a ppsp ppppppsp stanleyp spotted nlpsponsor sed 's/^ //g' yy | zz 
sstorm through thought telling p ppppppsp pppnlppp tail -300 op | zz.txt | 
's/#.//g' yy | zz | pico zz sed 's/sp //g' zz | yy | sed 's/ sp //g' zz | 
yy | zz | pico zz | sort zz | yy | pico yy | sed | zz pico zz | sort zz | 
-f a/back < zz | yy | sort yy | zz | pico zz rev zz | yy | sort yy | zz | 
| yy; | pico yy | sort yy | zz ; | pico zz | awk




What is Codework?


Codework is a practice, not a product. 

It is praxis, part and parcel of the critique of everyday life.

It is not canonic, although it is taken as such.

It is not a genre, although it is taken as such.

The term is relatively new and should always be renewed.

We are suffused with code and its intermingling with surface phenomena.

Wave-trains of very low frequency radio pulses for example.

Phenomenology of chickadee calls.

Codework is not a metaphor, not metaphorical.

It exists precisely in the obdurate interstice between the real and the 
symbolic. It exists in the arrow. 

It is not a set of procedures or perceptions. It is the noise in the 
system. It is not the encapsulation or object of the noise or the system.

It is continuous; it is parasitic; it is thetic. 

When it becomes metaphor, masterpiece, artwork, it is still-born; it is 
of no interest except as cultural residue: it is of great interest to 
critics, gallerists, editors.

When it is not collectible, not a thing, virtual or otherwise, it is not 
of interest to critics, gallerists, editors.

Things have already taken up its name, as if pictures in an exhibition.

This is nothing more than the continuous reification, territorialization, 
conquest, of the real - as if the real were always already cleansed, 
available for the taking - as if the real were already transformed into 
capital.

Capital is the encapsulation, objectification, of code. Capital drives the 
code-conference, the code-book, the code-movement, the code-artist, the 
code-masterpiece; capital drives the technology.

In short: Capital drives code into metaphor. 

In short: Metaphor drives code into capital.

In short, but of greater difficulty: Capital drives metaphor into code.

In production, simpler: Metaphor drives capital into code.

The driving of metaphor, code, or capital is not codework.

Codework is the labor of code, subject to thermodynamics.

Codework is demonstrative, demonstrative fragment, experiment, partial- 
inscription, partial-object, the _thing_ prior to its presentation, the 
linguistic kernel of the pre-linguistic. Code is the thetic, the gestural, 
of the demonstrative.

It the gesture that never quite takes. It is the noise inherent in the 
gestural.

However: Codework will become a _subject_ or a _sub-genre_ or a _venue_ or 
an _artwork_ or an _artist_ or a _dealer_ or a _collector._ However: This 
is not codework, or: What I describe above is not codework; after all, 
names are subsumed beneath the sign (Emblematic) of capital - as if 
something is being accomplished. (Hackers who are not hackers are 
unhacked.)

To code is not to produce codework; it is to produce code on the level of 
the code or interface. Bridged code, embedded code, is not codework; the 
irreversible spew of cellular automata is codework, all the better if the 
rules are noisy. The cultural production of codework abjures intensifica- 
tions, strange attractors, descriptions such as this (which is the oldest 
game in the _book_). The hunt and reception of short-wave number codes is 
codework. Writers on the edge are circumscribed by codework, malfunctioned 
psychoanalytics, scatologies. Jews, Gypsies, Gays, Blacks, are endlessly 
coded and decoded; the codes are dissolute, partial, always already incom- 
plete: the differend is codework.

To speak against the differend is codework; tumors are codework, metas- 
tases. The useless sequences of DNA, RNA.

Be wary of the violence of the legible text. Beware the metaphor which 
institutionalizes, the text which defines, the text of positivities, not 
negations, the circumscribing text, inscribing text; beware of the 
producers and institutions of these texts, whose stake is in hardening of 
definitions, control, capital, slaughter: Texts slaughter. 

And texts slaughter texts.




Automata


I'm reading a book describing automata in practical terms - Automata 
Theory: An Engineering Approach, Igor Aleksander and F. Keith Hanna, Crane 
Russak, 1975. This is prior to Wolfram's main work of course on cellular 
automata; it's classical theory. In any case, as far as I can tell, given 
states and transitions, there is no indication _how long_ any particular 
transition will take; i.e. this isn't queuing theory. So one might 
consider the transitions occurring in present - as if digital-in-present, 
collapsed across what might otherwise be temporal, analogic. Given 
Wolfram's reformulation in A New Kind of Science, I wonder about the 
ontology (mathematical, even within an engineering approach) and epistem- 
ology (perhaps fundamentally discrete mathematics). Automata may at times 
be partitioned into independent automata; the substitution property is 
important here and seems to have implications for labeling. Again I'm 
thinking in terms of temporal collapse, flattening. In any case: 
"Formally, a partition of the set of states of an automaton has the 
substitution property if and only if each of its boxes maps into a single 
block under all possible inputs." And:

"The crucial significance of an automaton and an SP partition is that as 
far as next-state mappings are concerned [...], the states within a block 
could be considered as a _single state_ and an automaton could be found 
which behaves in the same way as the original automaton, but with only one 
state per block. This property is used directly in state minimization, as 
will be seen later." Further: "Given an SP partition of the states of an 
automaton, each block of which is completely output consistent, every such 
block may be replaced by a single state, providing a state-minimal automa- 
ton."

At this point, I'm well over my head (I've not reproduced the mathematical 
apparatus of course). The two points I want to make are: the possibility 
of state-minimal automatons as a rough model for language (think of the 
emblematic), and the collapse of temporality in relation to presencing 
present.

To push this analogy etc. into the realm of absurdity - consider a state- 
minimal automaton network or sememe (holarchy); if we average across the 
transitions as infinitesimals, can anything be located in relation to the 
appearance of time (as well as subjective time); second, consider one of 
the chaotic cellular automata described by Wolfram; if we average across 
the 'landscape' as it develops, can we consider this the origin of the 
analogic?

I realize neither my mathematics nor my grasp of automata concepts is 
particularly strong, but I wanted to throw this out (not literally) for 
comment -




Commentary, Visuddhi Magga


"Next, after he has put on his waist cloth as one who hides an abscess, 
and tied his waist band as one who ties a bandage on a wound, and robed 
himself in his upper robes as one who hides a skeleton, and takes out his 
bowl as one who takes out a pan for medicine, when he reaches the vicinity 
of the village gate, perhaps the sight of an elephant's carcase, a horse's 
carcase, a buffalo's carcase, a human carcase, a snake's carcase, or a 
dog's carcase, awaits him, and not only that but he has to suffer his nose 
to be assailed by the smell of them." - from Visuddhi Magga, The Path of 
Purification, by Buddhaghosa, trans. Nanamoli. 

"And thus, bhikkhu, what is enlightenment, what is the cessation of suf- 
fering, in the body that suffers, that does not comprehend what it does or 
does not suffer, which no longer understands beyond the pain of the wound, 
the disease? What is to be done with senescence, with delirium, with decay 
within which the name is no longer spoken, the ears no longer hear, the 
eyes no longer see, the mind no longer remembers the paths of meditation, 
nor does not remember to forget them, nor forget to remember them? And 
what, bhikkhu, if I am not in my right mind, if I am subject to such 
visions that I am the subject of such visions, if such visions are the 
breadth and depth of my world? What is then enlightenment, all but forgot- 
ten in the quagmire of nightmare which does not abandon me in the light of 
day? What then? What if it is the decay of my body that forms the decay of 
my body and the decay of my mind? What if, near death, I am not conscious 
of death, not conscious of world and non-world, not conscious of Buddha 
and non-Buddha, not conscious of dhamma, what then? For are we not always 
of this path of deterioration, of mental incapacity, of sickness unto 
death, are we not always of this path of inconceivability, impossibility, 
of such illness that the mind no longer speaks, nor thinks, nor imagines, 
nor dreams? And what is an exception to this, and what is the norm of 
this? And what are the vagaries of fevers, that nothing remains in focus, 
that pain cannot be banished from pain, what then? And must we not drive 
our body and our mind, but drive them just so far, before the limit and 
degree of cessation, before right-mind is lost, before dependent origina- 
tion is no longer cause for concern, no longer understood, spoken, in and 
out of mind, present and non-present, remembered and forgotten? Do we not 
teeter on the edge of the abyss before all is lost, before sickness car- 
ries us to the nonsense of meditation, the absurdity of absurdity? Are we 
not driven by our own instincts to crawl upon the earth, to swallow it, in 
order to remain alive, our mind no longer thinking, no longer ours, yours, 
no longer not-ours, not yours? What is enlightenment, what can be done, 
when there is nothing to be done, no one to be doing, no thing, no doing, 
but not language, memory, meditation, state, paradox, consciousness, 
dream, unconsciousness, nothing, not even the annihilation of death, not 
even cessation, not even the cessation of cessation, what then? For then 
there shall be no speaking, no asking, no remembering, no chanting, no 
meditation, no dreaming, no forgetting? And what then? For then there 
shall be pain, no pain, and what then? Mind disappears into ignorance, 
ignorance disappears. Why, bhikkhu, is there enlightenment at one time and 
not another? Why must one be healthy, or unhealthy, or hungry, or of 
satiation, or thirsty, or fulfilled? Why must one negate all desires, or 
negate none of them? Why enlightenment? Why purity, and why not impurity? 
When impurity breeds impurity, when ought is pure? When purity breeds 
purity, when ought is impure? Of what use, what concern, bhikkhu? When one 
no longer speaks of these things, when one can no longer speak of these 
things, when one can no longer speak, when nothing at all, what then?

"There are here in the Victor's Dispensation
"Seekers gone forth from home to homelessness,
"And who although desiring purity
"Have no right knowledge of the sure straight way --"

And what, bhikkhu, given all that I have said and thought, what if there 
is no knowledge, no right knowledge, no false knowledge, what of sickness 
and unthinking, what of dementia and no rightness, what if there is no 
way, what if there is no straightness, if the eye cannot see, the ear 
cannot hear, the mind cannot think, cannot unthinking, cannot desire 
purity or impurity, cannot desire, what if there is no mindfulness, what 
if there is no home? What then, bhikkhu, what then?


Track 16 Performance Text May 27 06


(Real-time typing/improvisation laptop performance with A/V files. We
had a fine audience.)

ST this is an 'abrupt start' usually i begin outside a gallery context
or in some other context, this is a difficult situation, after all the 
gallery's overdetermined i went to the Joan Jonas show today and for the 
past few days hope you saw it - by the way the image above is the 
Ukrainian revolution - anyway - the show was about memory and display and 
masquerade and gender but it was also about $180000, I think that's the 
right amount of zeroes, well that doesn' t matter but I'd have liked to 
have a copy of the DVD - artists tend to exchange dvds and poetry books 
(we're all fucking poor) and here within the institutionalization (love 
that word, it's like deterritorialization) of the gallery system we're 
barred, so damnit we should go ihn, but the show's closed and then - oh, 
the mp3's almost over - and make a bootleg of Jonas anyway if anyone has a 
bootleg we'll pay about ten dollars for it that's twice the new york 
street price - so - the doctor piece usually comes up later - somehwere 
about halfway through the piece - it just appeared early this time, i'm 
sorry, i hope it doesn't throw you off - it takes a while, I'm beginning 
but just beginning -- to sink into the images - that is, it's cranial - 
something will emerge, it might just take a while, please be patient and 
if not, well you've waisted only a little bit of time - every so often we 
try and _get on the screen _ = make some sort of connection - what this 
work is about, this work in general, screen images, that's all you're 
seeing here - connected with bodies in displayed or inconceivable 
positions - bodies appearing out of nowhere - bodies representative of 
empire - of broken desire - of things gone horribly wrong - if you read 
the history of the late roman empire - it becomes a history of chains, of 
tortures, of factions each intent on ravaging countrysides - it's not true 
people can live through anything - agriculture must have been destoryed - 
all for foreign wars - these were in - these were in main for the most 
part - Iraq - Persia then - toomany resources - what was going onat home - 
rome wasn't the ceneter any more - there were lots of emperors doing the 
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED bit back then - most of them were killed falling on 
their own swords - the Goths came in - other groups - that was about i t- 
now - it's about the same thing - different weapons -d own from the analog 
to the digital - things coming apart in pieces - inconceivable fucking -- 
bodies in untoward positions - there's no return - you just can't make 
heads like this can you? unless you're at war in which case you can make 
them any way you want -
Azure (on the right thank god) is dancing - you can hear her footsteps - 
so what - so what you're hearing - what's coming through - is radio - 
radio waves - this show is about transmissions - emissions - radiations - 
pollutions - so you're listening - that's the radio - the white box - you 
can hear very low frequency radio - she's interfering with the planhte' 
planet's atmosphere - literally - changing the radio patterning - that's 
what you're listening to - this is the sound - all of this - of the field 
telephone - in the tent in front of you - connected to Leslie Thornton's 
tent in the other room - when the batteries are in it - I shipped the 
batteries - they exploded on the way here - i didn't know it - I unpacked 
them - my hands were covered with acid, well I thought, we should just 
LOOK at them - this is a true story by the way - I don't know if you're 
paying attention - oh oh the phone , the tiny phone in the tent, loves 
listening to itself, it can finally have a mirror, it can say - this is 
what I sound like, LISTEN TO ME! - across the country we looked for places 
to record very low frequency radio - you have to be away from 
civilizaiton, specificlly the power grid - the electircal grid which 
interferes with it - that's what we're doing - going wherever ther's not 
that buzz, that interfering buzz - in any case - and in this image - in 
this image - there's something taken aparet - there's - a distortion, 
tension in the fac e- the face can be pulled apart - whjen you play:
1. war
2. digital
you can pull apart faces. Now I'm not saying that
war = digital = botox
nothing like that - but that all of these - it's like character trates - 
this is the conclusion of a silent film which I thought you might enjoy 
since th eonly voice here is my own - if yo haven't been in the trolley 
car - but first, notice the masts in the water - this is a sunken 
lightship off brooklyn - this is an `897 trolley - that's eighteen ninety 
seven - trolleys keep following me - they're the subject of this space - 
of bergamot - this is being moved - it's an electricla trolley - a book in 
the case - actually case two I think maybe not - in the room on the left - 
is called Benedict Arnold and is part of the Electrical Series - I think 
1858 - not sure of the date - it's next to a very old 1897 or thereabouts 
telegraph receiver - these are I think maybe in the same case? as the 
spinthariscope which contains radium from 1903 just around when it was 
discovered - the thing still works - and in the next cage - older analog 
behaviors - there are slides, perhaps you've noticed them? of 
tuberculosis, diptheria, plague, I forget the rest - things that rot your 
insides out, parasites, dead men walking - I think the slides are harmless 
now - I hope so, I've been handling them - they've been leaking - it's 
always worth while: DOUBLE YOUR YODEL (this is an aside) (to what?) - here 
comes Azure and myself at home - you can see we're losing focus here - but 
at least, wow what modelling!!! - the performer on the right - she'll be 
out in a moment - she's not performing - she's tuning - the sound - is 
from work I've done - somewhere in NY - not NYC - somewhere else - it's 
Anja Schmidt - who - I think - can become trance/en-tranced/entranced 
quickly - you will have to wait - it's there - there's always smething in 
the ditgital domain - iv'e worked with dancers - continue to work with 
dancers - first, dance is something I can't do - I'm impossible, I can't 
move at all - I'm traumatized - it's like war - it's like Speer walking 
round and round the prison after the war - I admire people who can move - 
who are free to move - who don't worry about it - who don't think about it 
- so I hve these opportunities - it's as if the world were murmuring - 
somewhere else beyond slaughter - somewhere into water - that is Maud 
dancing below - she gets tired - she repeatss herself - she can't continue 
repeating herself - she falls out - falls over - falls into line - falls 
out of favor - what fascinates me - in other words - is always, 
everywhere, the inconceivable - what possibilities exist beyond 
possibilities - what nestings are possible - for example - within the 
tents - within the fabric of the tents - outside the realm - of any other 
possibilities - outside the realm of slaughter - if I could assassinate - 
if I had the courage - I'd put an end to things - but behind every killer 
is another killer - I admit freely here - I'm a coward - I'm afraid of 
pain - afraid of killing - I wouldn't know how - wouldn't know what I was 
doing....
- this is radio radio - this is antennta azure - this is the sound of 
atmosphere - this is the fury of wire - and this - moreso - this is Foofwa 
d'Imobilite - working the wire - the same wire - it's antenna connected to 
vlf to recording device to speaker back into room back into wire vibration 
-
so where were we = within the analog realm of the real, nothing but 
slaughter: NOTHING but slaughter - within the digital realm of the real - 
REAL not VIRTUAL - nothing but REARRANGEMENT - tensor calculus - 
inconceivability - it returns to slaughter with a longer loop -
this show is called em/bedded - em/bedded with slaughter, bedded with 
slaughter - embedded in Iraq - following the troops of Rome into Persia - 
into slaughter - into inconceivable analog torture - EM/bedded - that dash 
or hyphen of the typographical - dividing words - leading you on - 
crashing against itself - as if there were somewhere to go - there's 
nowhere to go - I do hope you like the show - why am I here at this point? 
- this is where I'd rather be - THIS is where I'd rather be - by the way 
we're NOT in the trolley car now - there are usually two more projections 
ther e- if you haven't wandered in - this is somewhere else - what I can 
do - while speices are being slaughtered (three to four an hour, the 
verdict's not clear) - I can combine things - just as here - as if babies 
could do that: think of it - babies can't do that - CAN'T do that - but 
dancers CAN do that - and I can't do much of anything - earl
Earl
Earl
Earlier today I saw the Joan Jonas shhow again and - what was amazing, I 
thought, she's an artist, it's made to look easy, she's breathing that way 
- it's that way so smooth - kind of like Coleridge in fact thought about 
Wordsworth but that's another sotry - and then I thought - kind of like 
Coleridge - perhaps I should give up art altogether - at least this THIS 
kind of art - which makes no money and is CONTRIVED in relation to Joan 
Jonas - at least in relation to her =- and is orders of magnitue smaller 
than one hundred eighty thousand UNITED STATES DOLLARS - so then, well, 
I'd give away the dvds...
that's US on the right, and PREFAB on the left....
AND THANK YOU FOR COMING AND HOPE YOU ENJOY THE REST OF THE SHOW - 
  




em/bedded mass - phenomenology of substance


The show em/bedded . 

There will be antennas and field telephones. The large room will be all [] 
There would be a small tent in the large room, possibly, off-kilter, 
conncted to a tent in the small room. I'm not sure yet about the Trolley 
Car. We want to put video in there, there are places to sit. It's like an 
underground. One possibility that would work - just field telephone calls 
[] Leslie work opens up into spaces that my work tends to close down. We 
share a sense of imminent catastrophe, as well as, to be honest, brilliant 
imagery, seductive even in its deadliness. [] In the small room, we will 
have memorabilia collections, whatever we can send across. These include 
photographs of Iwo Jima from Azure's grandfather (on the ground), a 
battle-map of Iwo Jima on site, things [] I want VLF radio somehow present 
- I'm not sure about this. I can bring or send the radios out; we can see 
what we might pick up around Bergamot, and to save batteries, we might as 
well tape the stuff and have it play from a cd player or some such. I want 
to possibly erect a signal kite in the central space with an antenna wire 
coming down - we might actually be able [] The VLF radio relates to the 
'primordial' of life, to actual fundamental particles themselves, to the 
resonances of particular spaces. The videos relate to histories, memories, 
sexualities, pleasures, absences, presences. The more we have going the 
better. We need to check on the []

every one a murderer * original photographs of world war two battleships * 
stereograms of world war one trenches and bodies * original photographs of 
world war two pacific fighting * stereograms of world war one technology * 
world war one will now be abbreviated wwi * world war two will now be 
abbreviated wwii * original photographs and other papers taken from wwii 
japanese dead * a top secret wwii map of the iwo jima battlefield from the 
battlefield * projections of torn avatars over furiously moving dancers * 
projections of dismembered avatars over propellers and gratings * nomadic 
tent located on the hardened gallery floor full-sized with video within * 
one to three half-tents with field telephone/s within (see below) * a 
small photograph of a japanese wwii fleet presumably near yokohama * 
murmured texts played back from scattered monitors hardly organized or 
present in space of every one a murderer

[] MIAOU []

* with the uttermost beauty of human beings there is no rest here and here 
in this space * static images of dismembered avatar imaginaries torn into 
uncanny beauty and troubling poses * dark spaces of rattling building 
vibrations sublated to aural frequencies of the human organism they are 
here * dark crackles of very low frequency radio trembling in the presence 
of human bodies auroras lightning decay of particles across the cosmos 
near and far */set up with antenna in main room perhaps speakers in back 
room - but on/off switching absolutely necessary - perhaps VLF radio with 
recorded sound/* * i am so ashamed i cried when i saw these images written 
large somewhere in the vicinity of wwi and wwii * the 1895 telegraph 
receiver mounted in the antique trolley car clacking away and 
electronically echoed from sourceless speakers sounds and presence of 
ghosts */may or may not be possible depending on cost and consruction 
skill/* * the this of this is you and the you in this splayed space * 
space of ionizations ionized air recorded space of radium decays * space 
of furious nighttime guitars garcia lorca spanish civil war * space of 
inscribing of inscriptions of the last inscriptions of soldiers dying and 
all memories lost recuperations of names and translations from foreign 
tongues * the evanescence of horror in the absence of horror naming horror 
in its very absence * every i is murderer every i makes love

The tents in the outer room are half-tents, partially attached to the 
framework of the building, partially floating. They are as nomadic as 
signifiers, language flushed out of its lair. But the tents are real, 
canvas; an air of depression hangs over then, a fog. They are in the midst 
of an image storm, a continuous splay, spew, emission, of violence, 
sexuality, cloned grotesques, the crackling of radio, electricity. The 
work occurs in the far future - mutations, extinctions, broken spaces of 
information. The work occurs in the past - organisms huddled as if 
protected against the fury of the world, primitive electrical machines 
tuned into atmosphere and universe. The distorted bodies are our own of 
course, in the present, of course. The work offers no solution - there 
isn't any - but presents a distorted beauty of its own. The field 
telephones connect the tents in the smaller and larger room. The kite 
connects the tent in the outer room to the atmosphere. The tents in the 
outer room are splayed, dysfunctional, as if attempting, and failing, to 
rise form the ground. The tent in the inner room is home to images, to a 
space of looking, watching. The tents are WWII tents, resonant with the 
materials in the smaller room, with the video and tent of Leslie Thornton. 
Think of the in both rooms as along a sightline, faultline. HELLO HELLO.

[] MIAOU []


Antigone

Between the space of the lens and the screen, the trapezoidal space of 
projections, projective space; it's here that the body finds haven, that 
interruptions disturb, that flattening presences discursive spaces: you 
are the visible omen, content demarcation. This is the space of neural 
interiority against the scythe of the image from disk to di/splay. The 
thin edge of the picture splatters from the wall, reassembles at every 
junction of perception. This is another actant, drama. One reads the 
splatter as content; it's as if the thetic confined itself to a certain 
materiality. But it is within the intermediary space, for example the 
project/projections on the interference of the body, that the imaginary 
operates. Doesn't modernism itself play on this intermediary? 

a war


"Tonight there are fireworks. The war seems to have come to an end. And 
then I remember, there was no war."

"You remembered that the coming was the war itself."

"You fought against the inscription of the trench and its dimensional 
collapse into the foxhole."

"You fought and you collapsed."

"Nothing of writing remained, nothing of the world at war."


things and people, states and processes, always were

things and people, states and processes, always were
And end. an to come have to seems war The fireworks. are there "Tonight 
flattening everything real
with repetition and defuge
as if disturbances are ontologically prior
or as if ontology had priority
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
the Emblematic as disturbance of the emblematic
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
and other organisms with invisible cultures
we exhaust ourselves with presencing present
the sheave of the image is infinitely thinned
it's these beams that constitute the imaginary
we walk among others walk among us
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
we speak of floating worlds, we are immersed
flattening everywhere we are enlightened
war." no was there remember, I then 
flattening everything real
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
and other organisms with invisible cultures
nonfictionally. i've seen far too much
the sheave of the image is infinitely thinned
we walk among others walk among us
grappling among them
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
we speak of floating worlds, we are immersed
flattening everywhere we are enlightened

things and people, states and processes, always were
itself." war the was coming the that remembered "You 
flattening everything real
as if disturbances are ontologically prior
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
the Emblematic as disturbance of the emblematic
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
and other organisms with invisible cultures
nonfictionally. i've seen far too much
we exhaust ourselves with presencing present
we further believe that
the sheave of the image is infinitely thinned
it's these beams that constitute the imaginary
we walk among others walk among us
what swirls are structures gnawing
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
we speak of floating worlds, we are immersed
flattening everywhere we are enlightened

things and people, states and processes, always were
dimensional its and trench the of inscription the against fought "You 
flattening everything real
as if disturbances are ontologically prior
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
the Emblematic as disturbance of the emblematic
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
and other organisms with invisible cultures
we exhaust ourselves with presencing present
with present thetic history and the discursive now
we further believe that
it's these beams that constitute the imaginary
we walk among others walk among us
what swirls are structures gnawing
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
we speak of floating worlds, we are immersed
flattening everywhere we are enlightened
foxhole." the into collapse 
flattening everything real
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
emblamtic sublimation into the Emblematic
we exhaust ourselves with presencing present
with present thetic history and the discursive now
it's these beams that constitute the imaginary
we walk among others walk among us
what swirls are structures gnawing
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
flattening everywhere we are enlightened

things and people, states and processes, always were
collapsed." you and fought "You 
flattening everything real
- disturbances are everywhere
as if disturbances are ontologically prior
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
the Emblematic as disturbance of the emblematic
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
we exhaust ourselves with presencing present
with present thetic history and the discursive now
we further believe that
we walk among others walk among us
what swirls are structures gnawing
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
flattening everywhere we are enlightened

things and people, states and processes, always were
war." at world the of nothing remained, writing of "Nothing 
as if disturbances are ontologically prior
phenomena of hungry ghosts and emblems
the Emblematic as disturbance of the emblematic
symbolic loosening of the emblematic
and other organisms with invisible cultures
the sheave of the image is infinitely thinned
it's these beams that constitute the imaginary
we walk among others walk among us
what swirls are structures gnawing
grappling among them
forget everything outside the world
the world absorbs very little and not everthing is here
we speak of floating worlds, we are immersed
flattening everywhere we are enlightened



The Hunt

I was present at hunt's origin,
The swinging of the rope, the wild calls;
Time and again, I was a messenger,
But no one would believe me. Now, here,
Is the proof of the children in the wilderness.
And here, now, the birds crying over the dead.

I have been ceded the golden transmission,
And have made play to give this gift to you;
Receive it in good grace, and recompense
Of the dark world's suffering shall be
Your understanding in no other worlds to come.



When was I born? 
When did I die?
When did I write these words?
I wrote them after I was born and before I died.
I wrote them before I was born and before I died.
I wrote them after I was born and after I died.
I wrote them before I was born and after I died.
Where was I born?
Where did I die?


High-Speed Sutra


I don't know what it means to practice Zen.
I don't know what it means to do anything at all.
Whatever it means, I'm not doing it. I'm definitely not doing it.

I think I might practice something.
I'm already at the edge of the cliff. Something, anything, one for all.
All for one is nothing. I won't practice that.
I won't practice writing either.

The practice of writing is writing.
The practice of Zen is nothing at all. I won't do it.
This isn't writing, this is practice.
I'll write something later on.

I should add I don't know anything about Zen.
I should add I'm writing borrowed-Zen.
I don't know anything about Zen, I'm writing borrowed-Zen.
My Zen is faster than yours.
I should add my Zen is fast.

I won't do it, not even to do it. I won't do Zen.
There are hungry ghosts after me, they know!
Where they are, I'm not. Where I am, they won't go!
My Zen is faster than theirs. My ducks are enlightened Kwak! Kwak!

Not dying is not not wanting to die.
Dying is not wanting to die and not not wanting to die. 
After a while negation buzzes. Automata make negation machines.
Negation machines buzz for me. They make things faster.

Just because my Zen is fast doesn't mean it's not Zen.
Just because I feel nothing doesn't mean I'm not enlightened.
My enlightened Zen takes a nanosecond.
Whatever takes anything, I'm not doing it!
I haven't done it either!

This is the High-Speed Sutra.





lexicon, analog


- in this a segment is repeated diachronically (temporally).
  if segment = S, then we have S*n - n repetitions
- in this a single segment is constructed synchronically (spatially).
  space collapses onto itself; if space = S then we have S*x = S.

So there'a a _vocabulary_ constructed here, against which Poser/motion
capture, Blender, etc. plays.

at least in a while this should be up. It's very simple reverse echo set 
to 'maximum' but you can see where this is going, how it would work w/ 
poser, or with even a vocabulary / calligraphy of the figure - meanwhile 
for me it's uncannily beautiful, Maud suspended in space

Meanwhile I've been working mainly with a short piece of the Maud material
which I'll make into an .mp4 either tonight or tomorrow; the rendering is
horrendous. It's simple but works. The tapes together constitute almost a
lexicon of figuration - it's hard to explain, but there are so many possi-
bilities, in terms of video, but also aesthetics, philosophy...

I'm unclear about the nature of the fetish in the construction of the 
original tapes, in which stage left/right, horizontal/vertical, closeup/ 
distance interplay in a semiotics of desire outlined by the bar-barriers 
of the material; I see this as minimal signs of humans on a planet within 
which they remain benign, localized.

Just got down humming through the 15 mini-dvs, and will begin working more
with them now. Your roof, the flute silhouette solo, the picnic, all are
cinematic, perhaps a story in that -



flattening and epistemo-ontological differences

i move between epistemology and ontology without even recognising the 
difference, since for me conceptual necessity equals natural necessity. an 
interesting case of confusion of ontology and epistemology is hermeneu- 
tics. since for me conceptual necessity equals natural necessity in this 
respect, epistemology cannot be investigated without regard to what there 
is. metaphysics, or alternatively ontology, is that branch of philosophy 
where the central concept of feminist epistemology is that of a situated 
knower. in order to make any progress in epistemology or ontology, i 
claim, one assumes that, belief in god is like our belief that two plus 
two equals four. ontology is the study of what there is, two useful 
additions are functions and predicate functionals. and so, we place the 
study of epistemology immediately before ontology. this would be where 
epistemology equals ontology, knowing = being. this would be the pearl of 
great price, if satan were interpreted as duality. epistemology is the 
study of how we know what we know. ontological issues revolve around the 
nature of the phenomenon we are seeking to know. epistemology is the 
philosophical theory of knowledge, ie, the study of knowledge. ontology is 
the theory of the nature of being and existence, ie, the application of 
knowledge to epistemology. contemporary cognitive psychology ignores both 
epistemology and ontology. a claim which is commonly made is that the 
science of cognition is concerned with a convenient overarching rubric of 
philosophical concerns; however, it is the triad of axiology, epistemol- 
ogy, and metaphysics/ontology that formulate its absolute foundation, 
flattening. lets distinguish first between epistemology and ontology. 
epistemology studies the nature of knowledge which actually means how we 
conceive our existence. lets distinguish first between epistemology and 
ontology. epistemology studies the nature of knowledge which actually 
means how we conceive our essence as well. nevertheless, i wish to do so.





origins of dance

lying there in rapture, dreaming so deep among all our worlds and 
worldings,
in which as is natural, bodies interpenetrate and the true nature
of dance is revealed

for which reason most dancers are hypocrites
keeping themselves to themselves and their limbs to their limbs
keeping their mouths to their mouths and their hands to their hands

ignoring the content of dance, that is the holes of the body
and their expulsions and retentions, their immersions and penetrations

distributions among their theatricalities
i can tell all of this from the depths of sleep
you can hear all of this from the depths of your sleep

when your holes open to my own
where the dance originates
when the dance begins




the Thing is


the Thing is < to what extent can one _explore_ dance, the body, the 
body's sexuality, Dionysian register? outside of literature, where the 
Thing resides, or the problematizing of the Obscene relegated, within the 
register of, the Thing. dance for example is always already an institution 
- well defined, over-determined, encapsulated. censorship requires that 
each and every production possess an _edge_ in relation to legality, which 
necessarily contaminates any investigation or presentation: the Law pre- 
sents itself within unknown territory, which it encapsulates. the limit- 
point of dance and sexuality dancing is indiscriminate fucking, display - 
against the Law, in deliberate ignorance of propriety, etiquette, in favor 
of culture as prolongation of the species _only,_ whose laws are therefore 
localized. how to sidestep this? what is a presentation, an audience, dif- 
fering on every occasion, at variance with, in tension with, the perform- 
er, performance? careers are at stake: fill the holes and lose a grant, 
empty the holes, and suffer the indignities of arrest, incomprehension, 
midnight phone-calls and invitations. one a dancer is pornographic, once 
the body is splayed / displaced in its inconceivability, there is no 
turning-back, no retreat: the future builds on evidence. yet _without_ 
this splay / display, dance, photography, culture, art in general, is a 
lie, transforming impulse into acceptable eroticism and taste. we are 
painted and repainted by culture; our 'natural attitude' is at a far re- 
move from anything within the limitlessness of the symbolic or pool of the 
imaginary. the further we mount technology and the virtual, the further we 
are mounted, rule-driven, protocol-governed - the further the clean and 
proper body prepares itself for clean and proper laws, death-by-absence 
only. go out on a limb: it is your own. where the limb joins the body, 
aye, there's the rub of it. the Thing is not a Thing; the Thing is not 
there, not Other, not here at all. and forget, among other things, the 
enjoyment of arousal, arousal-art, aroused-artist/viewer/listener - 
aroused participant - that will be fought, contaminated, transformed into 
subterfuge. at best one can accept the diagrammation of arousal - what 
else is psychoanalysis good for - the process or culmination-process is as 
invisible as semen on stage, spurted from dancer, welcomed and returned by 
audience-participants. this is the most familiar territory in the history 
of art, of dance, of the body; it is also the most unknown. draw a vector; 
follow it; starve to death; flesh transformed and its dessicate - we're 
left with it, given it, one and all, one for all, all for One, and it's 
gone. the Thing abhors One; refuses to recognize One; undermines its pol- 
itical agenda. where the One is, the Thing is not; where the Thing is 
knotted, the One self-decomposes, deconstructs on the way to forgetting.

and is any of this more than: revolt, pay the cost, disappear? shall it 
end _here_ where the limb begins? shall it end within? this is the surface 
appurtenance-appearance; this is what the dancer, photographer, performer, 
does, those under the aegis of the real-imaginary, the re/presentation or 
mapping of the most private body into/onto the limelight. 

the audience might give a whore for it, sex-slave of either sex, might 
barter or proffer, might just take, might kill, might extinguish, might 
just rape, might tear limb from limb, limb from hole, hole from limb. but 
the audience might just give a vote against it, law against it, might 
close it down, dream it up, dream it down. the wager of sin is sin, the 
wager transformed. 

and what of the _inconceivable_ Thing? what of the delirium of impossible 
and displaced topologies, higher-dimensional entities projected and flat- 
tened in our tawdry space of the real? for if the dance-dancer emerge _out 
the other end_ of this aporia, there's always movement against itself, 
splay to the nth-degree, body turned inside out. so the performer has no 
more secrets - they're in the audience, in the first or second row, all 
the way back to the balcony. the dance-dancer's wasted, used-up - that's 
hir power - exhausted - there's no turning back - there's nothing left of 
hir, nothing the audience doesn't know, doesn't dream of that very night, 
from that night forth -

the oldest of dreams - that is to _say_ - the fury of couplings, of the 
fits and fittings of bodies, of the generation of substance and the sub- 
stance of generation. this lurks within, beside, beneath, each and every 
performance, each and every mouth we speak. there is no Other; there are 
only holes, endless holes, endless wholes.




Wasteland


re John von Neumann, The Computer and the Brain - analog computer - "each 
number is represented by a suitable physical quantity" - in the digital 
machine there are markers and combinations. Consider the former a calcu- 
lation which is _intrinsic_ to the material world and the latter, one that 
is _extrinsic._ Then the former also embodies temporality - there is a 
necessity for movement-vectors of material objects; I would argue (here's 
the rub) that the latter displaces or flattens temporality. The simplest 
example - an analog watch, a digital clock - in the former, temporality is 
constituted by indexicality ranging over a _field_ within which projects 
forward and backward are simultaneously visible - and in the latter, only 
imminence appears - 10:42 does not constitute a vector or transformation 
but an abstracted and flattened quantity. Admittedly, the quantity _means_ 
only by virtue of difference, but the difference - and difference itself - 
is negated. In the analog situation, the field is the matrix of difference 
which is memory, moving, movement. In the digital, pure function to the 
nth-degree of tolerance. In both, deployment and poetics of temporality 
within which functionality is a residue - the reason for example for so 
many chimes and bells - divisions external to the dial-field, divisions in 
concert with labor.

The same phenomenologies occur in considering GPS and atlas navigators. 
The former presents the imminent situation of the user (i.e. "you are 
here") in relation to a sketched immediate surrounding (just as the 
digital clock presents "you are now" - the split between synchronic and 
diachronic almost too neat); the latter presents the field within which 
the user must locate hirself - a field extending to the edge of the page 
and beyond. The same is also of course true for the GPS, but the imminent 
positioning of the GPS is over-determined; the map is centered on the user 
or hir goal, the map is a production of the user though the GPS for the 
user, or a production of the GPS in accord or upon the command of the 
user. Like the analog clock, the GPS screen disappears with shutdown; the 
imaginary of the screen retreats within the real artifact.

To some extent we are considering only a _moment_ within the digital, 
which can map anything anywhere; online maps for example are becoming 
increasingly detailed, and NASA's WorldWind is as good a simulacrum of the 
planet as one is likely to get. The difference between analog and digital 
is increasingly abolished as raster, bandwidth, and databases increase. It 
is within the digital-personal, watches and portable GPS, that the dis- 
tinction is likely to remain; even personal video/music players are 
approaching the analog millennium. The greater the convergence, the 
greater the databases and technologies at work, the more labor-intensive 
the information regime, the more porous and vulnerable. The distinction 
becomes a memory, revealed only when something goes wrong, and the digital 
body opens, not to plumbing, chemistry and substance, but to electronic 
technologies. And here, too, the distinction converges as bodies take on 
the characteristics of cyborg-avatars, and the possibility of organic 
computers and displays increases. Thus the world is all image, all screen, 
complexity intertwined beneath surfaces; thus the world is porous and 
vulnerable itself, susceptible to hacking and axing, conceivable and 
inconceivable onslaughts. Just as the nervous system is both digital and 
analog, so is the perceptual apparatus (by which I mean from sensor to and 
through sensed); one can imagine a horizon of continuous images, sleeps, 
dreams, stasis, and eternal death. So let us think of _distinction_ itself 
as a stage or moment in time: Lo, the Other will become One, and the One, 
Other, and all, or none at all, will bear silent witness to Absence.


the variant


from the end of XXV, Legge's Chuang Tzu: 

"Birth, before it comes, cannot be prevented; death, when it has happened, 
cannot be traced farther. Death and life are not far apart; but why they 
have taken place cannot be seen. That some one has caused them, or that 
there has been no action in the case are but speculations of doubt. When I 
look for their origin, it goes back into infinity; when I look for their 
end, it proceeds without termination. Infinite, unceasing, there is no 
room for words about (the Tao). To regard it as in the category of things 
is the origin of the language that it is caused or that it is the result 
noting; but it would end as it began with things. The Tao cannot have a 
(real) existence; if it has, it cannot be made to appear as if it had not. 
The name Tao is a metaphor, used for the purpose of description. To say 
that it causes or does nothing is but to speak of one phase of things, and 
has nothing to do with the Great Subject. If words were sufficient for the 
purpose, in a day's time we might exhaust it; since they are not suffic- 
ient, we may speak all day, and only exhaust (the subject of) things. The 
Tao is the extreme to which things conduct us. Neither speech nor silence 
is sufficient to convey the notion of it. Neither by speech nor by silence 
can our thoughts about it have their highest expression."

The chasm is the variant of the Other, and each of these texts and images 
are variants of others; the variant-machine has been set into operation; 
one after another are set forth; a set is established; a style, genre, and 
canon, are established; there is no original; words are insufficient. We 
may create, day and night, the variant, of which everything is such; we 
may do nothing; we might have destroyed; we might have been destroyed; we 
might have been at variance. But there is no original of original, no 
variance of variance. 

There is only a loss of insight, dim- inution of creative force, defuge, 
exhaustion, the easy way out, of which the easiest lies at the bottom and 
top of the variant; of the heap of variants; of the contusions of the 
world; of that imminence of the lost; of that immanence of the lost; of 
nothing lost, nothing gained; everything lost and gained. From the pure, 
the turbid emerges; from the turbid , the pure, like a dead disassociated 
eye come to life; an immobilized eye; the variant of such; of eyes; of 
immobilizations. Here is one thing; there is another; there is one thing, 
here is another. Language neither separates nor units; it is a continuous 
collocation, collocations, of variants; language itself is a variant; of 
languages; of others; of insufficiencies; of sounds, noise, murmurs, 
cries, rattles, crashes, shrieks, winds, waves, clouds and oceans. The 
variant has no limits; the variant-machine does not exists, the imaginary 
accounting of the variant; as if to curtail the limitless; as if to 
inhere. Of which the Tao has not spoken, already the exercise, exorcizing, 
of the historical, hysterical, already writing, already corrected, 
emended, erased, obscured, teleology reversed, nothing of the origin, 
nothing of the end.





4-four catastrophe machine in motion capture

4 stationary points with picking up and putting down and rearrangement
18/4 sensors motion capture: _the language returns from the other side_ - 
sudden jumps - hyperbolic space - infinite manifolds - closed but yes at 
the edges - the corners - elsewhere - beyond anything conceivable - the 
body is a compass - the body tends - this way and that way - take a gander 
- a look-see - variants on and off the field - of discourse - space-time - 
points holding everything back - master or matrix - murmur - the semaphore 
of the black hole - nietzsche - 

killer sons - victim fathers - semiotics of the woman - literally the cusp 
catastrophe - or butterfly - the catastrophe machine - in one end and out 
the other - heideggerian four-fold holding in abeyance - moves every so 
slowly - then swish! - crack! - kwak! -


rewrite < desire > into you


it is the _continuous rewrite_ of the body
this is the uncanny of the body under rewrite, the ascii unconscious
can rewrite other's programs and descriptions. if you are a wizard or a
short-hand rewrites of moments erased, untethered from the real.
reread them again, all after numerous rewrites. so any errors that accrue
fabric, indexical embodiment, rewrite, and so forth are developed;  and it
description, rewrite anyone's objects or take them for hir own, and even,
we are immersed in lag, in rewrite, in hysterical embodiment, in a 
you _book_ me - continuous rewrite - open up the space inside the body
uncanny of the body under rewrite, 
_rewrite_ itself has become our provenance, as we continue to assert our
up, write and rewrite. it's all mixed, text and scent. it's mixed, weight
tinuous) _rewrite,_ the re-presencing of the self/avatar as obsessive-com-
map_rewrite(@), av = (nullv)
map_rewrite => @
rewrite: ruleset   3   input: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   0 returns: $# local $: sondheim
rewrite: ruleset   0   input: jennifer @ vages . lure_net . org
rewrite: ruleset  98 returns: jennifer @ vages . lure_net . org
rewrite: ruleset  96 returns: jennifer < @ vages . lure_net . org . >
rewrite: ruleset  97 returns: $# local $: jennifer
rewrite: ruleset   0   input: jennifer
rewrite: ruleset  98 returns: jennifer
rewrite: ruleset   0 returns: $# local $: jennifer
rewrite: ruleset   0   input: travis @ theory . hashish . net
rewrite: ruleset  98 returns: travis @ theory . hashish . net
rewrite: ruleset  90   input: theory . < hashish . net > 
rewrite: ruleset  90 returns: travis < @ theory . hashish . net . >
rewrite: ruleset  95   input: < > travis < @ theory . hashish . net . >
rewrite: ruleset  95 returns: travis < @ theory . hashish . net . >
rewrite: ruleset   0 returns: $# smtp $@ theory . hashish . net . 
aural register as _continuous process_ (what i call _rewrite_ in the early
and the self as a continuous rewrite; there were avatars such as tiffany,
i cannot resist knowledge; i can burrow in structures, write and rewrite
i write and rewrite into a winperl program, changing it, substituting
ing program artifacts. the program itself undergoes continuous rewrite in
of. and rewrite resonates, connects with the phenomenology of emanants.]
perfectly clean, always a symmetry or lure. [eternal rewrite is obsessive-
doctor goodbye (rewrite) = jennifer 
compulsive gnaws at the real, the psychotic inscribes and rewrites through-
producing an encoding of zeros and ones, the _rewrite-body_ absorbed by
or "virtual subject" rewrites, continually, himself or herself. and as
existed on a continuous rewrite. i lived naked on the net. i'd
body. it is the rewrite which replaces the transcendent ego or ideal -
to rewrite the body is to inscribe it within a protocol, begin and
unlike lautreamont, i no longer write myself into existence; i rewrite
net; what is here is rewrite only, a rewrite which is necessarily
chain mail theory from the violence of the mail: rewrite of theory
existed on a continuous rewrite. i lived naked on the net. i'd
i rewrite cause there isn't a woman to help me
i rewrite cause i gotta get born
rewrites the user, the _uncanny_ face of death. abject: no place to
- the general failure of inscription and rewrite; lose of the i and 
winds, and what is written rewrites itself, a rewrite mimicking what i
rewrite myself, presence rewrite rewriting presence the rewriting myself,
the process of deferral and _rewrite._ codework, like _wryting,_ is an 
tue rewrite  feb rewrite     rewrite           rewrite  est rewrite      
the rewrite  moon rewrite  is rewrite  waxing rewrite  crescent rewrite 
(  % rewrite  of rewrite  full) k % rewrite      p trying rewrite 
   .  . . ... connected rewrite  to rewrite  panix .panix.com. escape
rewrite  character rewrite  continuous is rewrite  '^]'. netbsd/i   
rewrite  continuous (panix .panix.com) rewrite  (ttyrt) login  rewrite 
    sondheim password  last rewrite  login  rewrite  tue rewrite  feb
rewrite  continuous    rewrite           rewrite       rewrite  from
rewrite      pool-  -   -   - copyright rewrite  (c) rewrite  continuous
        , rewrite      , rewrite      , rewrite          , rewrite      
rewrite  rewrite  rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  the rewrite  netbsd
rewrite      foundation, rewrite  inc. rewrite  rewrite  all rewrite 
rights rewrite  reserved. copyright rewrite      (c) rewrite      ,
rewrite      , rewrite          , rewrite      , rewrite      , rewrite 
        , rewrite      , rewrite       rewrite      rewrite  rewrite 
rewrite  rewrite  rewrite  lisp rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  rewrite 
nk rewrite  rewrite  rewrite  rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  tf-lib mail
rewrite  rewrite      rewrite  continuous rewrite  rewrite  rewrite     
rewrite  looply.pl rewrite  rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  rewrite  note
rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  rewrite  rewrite  rewrite      rewrite 
tiny.world news rewrite  rewrite      rewrite  rewrite  continuous
unknowing subject rewrite  = rewrite  subject rewrite  = rewrite  subject
rewrite  continuous rewrite  rewrite  subject rewrite  reverie rewrite 
cloudy-skies __ k  % rewrite  exit connection rewrite      closed
the principles remain the same, the necessity of continuous rewrite to 
because of these things, the screen rewrites me! rewrite her. me.


To be in and of the cradle of consciousness within a closely infinite 
relationship to extensive time and space, slicing through that, in order 
that _this_ consciousness among all others speaks and writes within _this_ 
plane of infinitesimal appearance, disappearance - space and time of the 
womb, of the closely infinite walls of the womb, vagina, matrix, concavity 
of the chora, closed off, momentary defense or fortification. But among 
this that infinite sky which consciousness comprehend, well, that is 
understood, understandable, but the question and answering of _this_ 
consciousness, of the sense of _my_ fingers, or fingers under my control, 
lending themselves in the midst of the inconceivable plenitude of worlds, 
this splay or embracing in the guise of wonder, this opening which is so 
inconceivably peripheral to existence, that its questioning is always 
already absent before the enunciation...


being or beings, Being or Beings

being or beings, Being or Beings
hence and henceforth, subject and subjectivity
digits and digital, turn and turnabout
split and splitting, there and thereupon
surge and surgery, prom and promontory
dark and darkling, clot and clothing
chair and chairwoman, char and charmed
mud and mudra, floor and floored
tabled and tabled, tab and tabulated
will and willing, ill and illness
more and moreover, endorphin, end

existential temporal moment digitally sliced into static substance/scene



the basin of our lives, our concavity, neither internal nor an extension, 
we're here, there, miniscule, only our loss the richness, fecundity of 
world and information time and time again, sheaves of time, of which, just 
this text or view or this reading, death coming, infinitude of details 
gone forever, slightest creatures, of which we, communalities, surface one 
or once or not at all, our unknowingness, rot envisaged in the corpse of 
the other, our selves worn like teeth come the death of how many, the 
moment after, no longer there, your glance invisible, words unheard, touch 
receding down your long corridor, the room the same, view from window, 
slough of air, this body no long with basin, with concavity, the thing, 
what will you do with it, what will be done with it


issue of implicit abstraction returns, almost like a stain or residue. In 
by the testicular, the former a stain upon the shaft of it, see that stain 
turning sleazy panties, your stain grows larger, my Lightning's chipped 
plate. Lightning's stain and the murmur of thunder, sexuality, the stain 
or residue of inscription, the transformation of text _elsewhere_ of that 
logic, the stain implied by the sheffer-stroke itself to the evacuation of 
the real. Jennifer is thinking sleazy about her philosophy of immensity, 
the stain all in the breadth of a stain on a minor planet. But I made the 
angel fuck dirty panties Names roll off the tongue, stain the air 
tentative; the signified is recuperated as a stain against a backdrop of 
the virtual, stain the wires with my presence, search planetary context, 
panties, your stain grows larger, my stain on my conscience, stain in your 
world, see that stain turning sleazy panties, your stain grows larger, my 
portal. her labia are portal to the sacrifice. stain her. the woman's are 
platform for the sacrificial altar. stain him. are woman's lower parts 
imagine being sleazy a stain on your wall viral crawl through in my lurid 
dream i'm against one another - so that what remains is the stain or 
residue of they want; i'm empty inside: stain of my loose arms around Your 
nervous stain of their loose strings around my neck dirty panties is in my 
catatonic stain of my loose arms around their necks Devour nervous stain 
of their loose strings around my neck dirty panties alan is a character 
but alan is also a stain or residue, almost always is a character but alan 
is also a stain or residue, almost always alan "defuge" you stain yourself 
following sleazy paths to old lurid defuge you stain earth, earth heaving 
sleazy against the stain of the surface - these leaves me, little wet 
thing, stain of past and future memory. Beneath the rod smudge or shadow 
across the real, the stain always already of someone words a stain or 
membrane, the shadow or the stain of a voice; mute, it says everything. 
Your across the stain of broken limbs. Here _GaL-GaL_ turns, splayed open 
and lurid depth of the pen on paper. It's the stain or residue of the 
same. It's the lurid depth of the pen on paper it's the stain or residue 
of the same, lorelei plunging sleazy into the sea, now see, red stain on 
the waters on the sheets, perfume leaves its stain on the nipples, across 
the chest,


Story

Who have you ever heard her call? Do you swear to tell the truth, the 
whole truth, nothing but the truth, so help you God? Annie faltered; she 
was an atheist and who knows what Travis really thought of her. His fate 
rested in her hands, her mind, her large and widening eyes, as she 
recalled the moment of the crime. But the soldiers were asking for it, and 
it only took a second; once their backs were turned, it was easy. And the 
rest was easy too. I'll testify, she said, under any god that pleases you!

He screamed, but she ignored him. He would walk with a limp for the rest 
of his life the doctors told him, but he would walk, and eventually he 
would walk without pain. He shifted in the courtroom, unhappy with the way 
events were going. "You fucked me," he screamed, "you fucking used me, and 
then you fucked me some more! You dirty bitch!" Her eyes widened and for 
just a moment she looked both startled and guilty ~ Naughty Annie instead 
of Nasty Annie. She broke down and was carried out; he broke down and was 
carried out. Later, after his suicide, she asked whether he said anything 
at all, absolution or prayer, before he died. Proctor said "He muttered 
something that meant nothing ~ something that meant only get out of here, 
dream voice, get gone." Her eyes widened more. "And I did," he added. "And 
so should you."

Annie tore at herself, clawed her breasts, blood running down her chest, 
everywhere like a bad dream. "Take me" she said, "take me now," to 
"Virginia" Sandpiper, who had sent five more (the first four with 
additional Polaroids) before finally lapsing into puzzled, slightly hurt 
silence. The photos laid on the floor all around her. She was one of 
the disappeared. All the ID had vanished. Annie's eyes widened at the 
thought that finally she'd act on her own; Sidewinder - the cause of the 
problem - was next.

Sidewinder was downhill and the road would be slippery in the rain and it 
was darker than a mineshaft; he meant to try it all the same. Annie 
followed. There were perhaps seventy acres of open ground between the 
house and the edge of the forest ~ the snow-cover over it was a perfect 
and blazing white. Annie could see perfectly; eyes widened, she aimed, 
squeezed, and pulled the trigger. One of them would die.



body movement translated into bvh file
bvh file clothed in loquacious avatar
avatar lowered onto floor body
hysteric dance of avatar and floor body
mapped dance of one and another
digital seamless wonder transmutated skin
writhe wryte internal electromagnetisms
signals connecting floor body and avatar
avatar desiring floor body hysteric
hysteresis as chiasmic exchange
the one generated the other
the other was clothed in the one
the other above the one
the one beneath the other
coupling hysteresis hysteria
the womb meanders eyes opened shut
bodies stitched together in final fury
doctor doctor there is no help for me
doctor doctor there is no help for us 
for her for them
peopling the world of the grainy digital film
stitched together falling apart at the seams
falling apart seamlessly
hysterical out of control contrary
contradictory wayward really fucked up
really fucked up avatar fucked up floor body
say neurasthenic mean hysteric
bvh file long since forgotten


West Virginia University performance text / July 27 2006


Somewhere there's a story in this - machinery of the body or interminable 
mechanism of psychosis < Jerry should we begin like this? > We begin like 
this. We begin like this because the image stream is "thus." And it will 
take a while to orient - from the playing with the images to the 
performance. And except for this typing - there is no difference. Now I 
feel embarrassed because some of you have seen sections of these alreaady; 
I've been playing with the images for about forty minutes or so. These are 
avatars placed into literally inconceivable positions. My name is Alan 
Sondheim by the way nd I will be your guide for the evening. Or for as 
long as you choose to stay. So as I was saying yesterday, with an avatar, 
everything can be assembled or dissassembled - Here is the disassembly of 
a vacuum tube in a scanner, digitally deconstructed. What is it that you 
can do with machines that you cannot do with bodies? For one thing, 
disassembly line - that is eachpart is independent of all the others. 
Well, that's not true, but they'll stay that way if you unbolt them.

So one can move in ways that she cannot move, and remain in air outside of 
gravity. EVERY HUMAN BEING IS THE RESULT OF INTERMINABLE SADNESS. These 
images can be taken apart just like Al Capone. And these images belong 
somewhere or anywhere and it's death that returns these bodies quickly 
quicly to the position of the machine and its disassembly. So this is 
about death, my work is about death, and the absence of language, that 
looking out of the window at the last possible moment - and what is THERE 
continuing in the midst of cessation - So these people can move butonly 
for a short while. HOW LONG IS THE LIFE OF A DANCER? MERce is still going 
strong into his 80s just choreography now. But I saw him dance ever so 
slowly with a chair. And the chair with thick with the wood and if I'm not 
careful I'll cove up all the exciting images again. On the right two 
avatar cats with a human avatar perhaps from the Kojiki learning to ride 
them in the midst of unfathomable winds. On the left avatar humans 
hysterically presenting themselves AS IF they are on the scren within the 
screen. On the right the recent Ukrainian revolution covered completely in 
the main square in Kiev. On the left and right above - an occupation. On 
the left an avatar-violation and that skin moving without tearing or 
tearing without moving; to the right the neuraesthenic from the nineteenth 
century, lassitude danced out in the middle, in other words disease and 
strategies for moving around or through the body. There are times... in 
the midst... of the dark wood which surrounds us... when we lose track... 
give up... turn away...something has gone horribly wrong... perhaps this 
is one of those times... as if the world has stained the world.... Someday 
I will write myself... into nonexistence... This is my dream aloud... 
uncriducoeurMIAO HOW.... at that point that precise point... between being 
alive and being dead... I will divide.. and will divide and will divide... 
there will be nothing that remans remains whole... then each segment, yes! 
each segment! will retire all the others... the segments...

the segments will slowly disappear... outside of any database... not for 
your viewing or my own... oh then things do or do not go together... you 
see they lead us somewhere else... those faces on the left... modelled on 
a book from World War One - a hidden book - photographs of the wounded - I 
still have nightmares - and now in Iraq - people burned over ninety per 
cept of their bodies. In this country, this was inconceivable. Not even 
Vietnam... you have to go back to maybe Cold Harbor in the Civil War, 
something like that... So this is about this is about empyre - and this is 
a project - about the end of empyre - and this is a project - about a 
certain kind of fury - this is about dance and the stain of dance - this 
is about disease and the stain of disease - yes that too - this is about 
an entire - a whole - encyclopedia of things! - yes, the encycclopedia 
too! the encyclopedia as well! - faces collapsed yes in time - you can 
reverse time digitally - double faces - aum and silent or a--- and um--- - 
if you understand Shinto you'll get the reference - around Inari - 
guardian figures - foxes - one with open mouth one with shut - the 
electrical figuration between them - we're in the midst of the grid - the 
power grid - it's all around us - you can hear the grid - the antennas 
pick it up - the dancer moving around the grid - out in the wilds, well 
not wilds but away from the grid - you can hear other things -

World War II was very beautiful... bombers going from England to 
Germany... I imagine Iraq is very beautiful too...

In another minute this will look like a dance... a modern dance.. with 
mysterious black figures and electronic music...

more dance and more dance... someting about Krishna here but I don't want 
to go there -

these are segments of something called the swallowtail catastrophe - 
bifurcation points - when there's a sudden shift in behaviour - when 
anything can happen - but not "and usually does"

okaythis is Geneva - I'm flying the plane of the President of the United 
States... on a bus... (bus + plane = speed of bus) - next to - somewhere - 
an image of the tsunami - there's a proximity - about avatars - a nearness 
- an uncanny element - you can't define it - they're close - they're 
almost touching - and ye... yet... There are changes here... in gender... 
positioning - there's a story but I don't know it... - not yet...

what's necessary now - some sort of climax - some way to bring this all 
together - I'll find it - climaxes are usually loud - this one is embedded 
- in the machine - the back of my mind - somewhere else not there - 
somewhere with infantry - so the dancer - Maud - is the crankthat - the 
crank that - that drives the map - bang bang bang bang - if she disappears 
- the mapp - the map - will disappear - just wait and see - no I won't - 
just wait .... damn, its still there...

the world is a mess...

let us give ourselves at the most another two generations...

dusts... radiations... at least you don't have to dream this... 
thank you.



new performance


new performance material-mode... litany of nouns, concepts, roiled, 
returned, quicktime signatures, stopped at will (single mouse stroke to 
stop and double to continue). then the chant or discourse of the concept - 
improvisation & all the while the continued turmoil of the videos in 
motion, the sound bytes, nonetheless an absence of written text, or rather 
text to be written, the first face of it, the text which generates the 
speech, speaking text, speaking of the text, on occasion commentary of the 
visual, or the bridging of the sign between inscription, aural, visual, or 
among writing, speaking, gesture. where is the material-mode of language 
in all of this, in the midst of this; where is the groundwork of descent?

thus i generate nothing but sound, no appearance, no calisthenics, only 
the turmoil of the screen, turbulence of sound (for sound emerges else- 
where, not there, but beyond, or surround, or "to the left of the screen" 
from which the digital-naked is deployed); thus this speaking is always 
already at a loss, real-time, given only at the moment, gift only for an 
audience, a present or presencing audience, for whom speech is entreaty, 
and not file. 

thus will be the new performing and first and second degree of creation.

when i talk with incompletion
sometimes there comes a notion
that someone owns completion
an imaginary notion

asking campers riddled questions
is riddling walls of the camps
someone who no longer questions
is no longer roll-called in the camps

grey stained red and sutured mouths
no one ever gets out of here
bodies are nothing but mouths
the rest no longer here

obscene half in obscene half out
this is the primal scene
it never happened or worked out
just repetitious scene

arrows fly like cursors hasten
better get out of the way
space itself seems to hasten
time imprisoned one way

time has no time to rupture time
space is only residue
of time confined to confine time
time is residue


incredible what moves on wires
fires travel down inert electrons
plectrums hammer oscillations
fluctuations ensure bone and bending
lending one and all to targeting
forgetting limb and other members
tremors of constant sorrow
tomorrow electric lights and storms
forms coupling in flight and air
there descending across the mean
seen as stars fall and tackle
crackle hardly edible

n.otes

thinning, defuge, flattening <--> reduction, collapse

corrosion, residue, dissolution, dissemination, spew, emission

thinning and emission epistemologically related
-- emission (perhaps) implying point-source, teleology (it came from
planet x)

thinning - information peeled off
-- entropy - permanently lost

emission - information a mess, implosion
-- hints of origin, originary trope

the two are related, information disorders
-- information is never disordered; its receptors are (in relation to
codes, attention, capacity, etc.)

information is in a state of becoming-information - always hermeneutics

defuge also an information disorder? decathecting? has to do with 
libidinal investment withdrawn through repetition
'defuge is the information disorder of our time' (come again?)

defuge in relation to borderline syndrome, borderline personality 
(exhaustive testing of presence) - weakened, decathected or overly
cathected ('etiquette' of cathect / cathecting)

spew has wider origin than emission, emission implies some sort of 
coherency in the beginning - spew can be considered flux into flux 
(incoherency into incoherency)

the real is spew - continuous one-to-many / many-to-one mappings - 
chatterings, jostlings

core dump <--> spew - but not defuge - not impinging on the psyche - 
instead, formal epistemology, archaeology of collapse

defuge - information not present (was present) but stale - as in 
automatic reading, then returning to attempt rereading

information always already spew - as read, is edited down, cut into, etc. 
- 'spew sliced' = information

editing down the buzzing of the real (from spew) - machinic decoding - 
it's here that mathesis occurs - i.e. presencing - what emerges from slag 

God implies emission, spew implies, what? psycho-physical processes, thick 
transmissions - nothing that can be _named_

spew - moil, sourceless = everysource
spew - moil, boil, roil, soil -> defuge

emission - source, implied, inherent
emission - chatters? stutters? continuous and discrete emissions

Johannes Lohmann - operational words (of sorts)
see Kittler -
indo-european clusters / constellations - spread of phenomenological
domains across (among) inscriptions

inscription withdraws, decathects, sympathetic
fissure inheres, cathects, empathetic? (probably wrong way to go here)

Freud on the uncanny -

fissure and fissure, x and x, inscription, x and -x

fissure < - > defuge, x and x
defuge (x), i'm tired of all this (x)

fissure goes nowhere, there's nowhere to go
fissure comes from nothing, goes to nothing, there's no one to go
fissure - tends towards analog

inscription is 'everything else' - tends towards digital

immersion inscribes - into what? fissure? (wrong way again)
definable fissures - into what? inscription? (most likely not)

fissure is a priori untheorized, uninscribed



of space and what is present is present
of time and what in time is time
of searching and what of searching for searching
what of thinking of thinking
it's close to the smallest of smallest
it's closer to the nearest of nearest
o, moment of moments!
among the clearest of oceans of oceans!


Progress Report

My sleep has become increasingly chaotic; at this point, I last at best 
for two to three hours. I go through cycles with melatonin, taking more 
than usual in order to stop thinking, anything to stop thinking. Here in 
West Virginia, I work constantly; I'm afraid to stop; I don't know when I 
would be able to continue with any degree of security. Every image here is 
an image recuperated, indemnified, if only for the moment. The tunnel 
ceiling is a semi-oval. I worry that theory has already corroded me, that 
whatever I say is monstrous, useless, I dream of machines devouring body 
and space, transformed into pure light. I imagine the survival of light.

Nothing coheres to the mind or armature of the dream which devolves into 
tatters. When I speak, my voice sleeps. I churn out image, sound, text, 
jumbled together; I tend the files the way one should tend the earth, 
kindly, defensively. At a deeper level there are the remnants of joy in 
discovery; this or that hasn't been done before, hasn't been tried before.

But there really is this need to push myself to the point of collapse. 
Azure notes I tend to forget more; I feel literally demented as I tear 
into time and space. Physically I grow weaker; it's an experiment in van- 
ishment. Voices and lights dim, images and sounds murmur on the periphery 
of exhausted consciousness remembering Levinas. Immersed in death, in 
quiescence, I wonder if this or that text or tape will be the last before 
the stroke or heart attack. New and unknown symptoms are on the rise; the 
tinnitus has increased in intensity and this weakness is worse than usual, 
as are the odd headaches which flood and circulate as soon as there is the 
slightest stress or tension, or in the morning, or in the evening, or the 
bright light of day. I am carrying my body now, what remains of the I 
shredded in a tattered world. My lack of sleep rises as a mountain before 
me, behind me, veil of veil, shroud of shroud. I hunger more than ever for 
truth, for a narrative which comes out or doesn't along an endless cycling 
of paths. This is the flattening I fear, until I no longer feel fear, the 
absurdity of poverty, exhaustion, dropping of limbs in gullies, valleys, 
vales

place, of which we dream of hearth and woods, a space
dark time with which to roam the park,
collapsed into death's dull doom, relapsed
in flowered beauty, wounded like a pin
dropped on sundered skin, trembling, yet stopped;
so grids encapsulate the final blow,
lines carry weights of dreams of oaks and pines,
of hearths, of kindness, of robin, home, and dove
soaring across charred lands; planes and guns are roaring
still; vectors struggle, travel up the hill


Alan's words


I spoke, speak, divide, the path deride, write into night,
wryte into nyght, caught: pre-war history, pre-wars history,
warez-history, 

oh for that memory once again, code-memory, memory of code, memory of
code of memory

here in West Virginia, crickets singing, they will sing beyond me
beyond my body's reach, arms', hands', fingers' reach 
  a sudden gasp of breath, I will be gone
  my words broken, broken up
  used by strangers

some people
some people have other purposes
I wait for death like others wait for dawn
 wait for dawn's death, death's dawn, dusk of death, death of dusk,
 litany of beyond, storm-code memory,

who owns Alan's words
reorders Alan's words
claims them, takes them

even now, what comes out of my mouth is no longer mine



Text from Cybermind Conference - Log - 1996, Perth, Australia

Martin says, "we're close to beginning here..."
bree has disconnected.
Martin says, "What I would like is a discussion behind me on the screen 
dealing
 with netsex, and I may be able to interact - I'll let you know when - you 
don'
t need to talk at all about this if you don't want, but it would 
add/resonate w
/ the presen- tation which is going to be pretty chaotic."
Raxcip says, "sure, I will listen and play."
A very large pelican scoops bree up in its enormous beak and flies off to 
drop
her in bed.
Dria says, "um...I'll add stuff If I have anything to say (I usually do ;)"
Ghost nods.
Martin says, "stay on here - going off for about 30 seconds... - please 
stay on
"
Ghost says, "Standing by.."
Martin asks, "hello?"
Martin sighs.
Martin cheers wildly.
Ghost smirks.
Dria does a little dance
Ghost stomps a rhythm
Raxcip asks, "just a cyber-type observation...  Does anyone else find it 
odd ho
w easy it is to tell Alan from martin, even though they are sharing a 
name?"
Alan has @joined you.
Raxcip says, "Welcome, Alan."
Dria says, "Personalities come across really well, I find.  Esp. if the 
person
can write."
Alan says, "Im on as Alan now - and I think that Martin is on the other 
screen.
.."
Alan says, "Please hang in there..."
Raxcip says, "yes, I suppose."
Dria says, "hanging."
Raxcip says, "on"
Ghost says, "there."
Dria says, "stage fright :>"
Apocryphal says, "indeed, Dria..."
Dria says, "ah...I should get a gin&amp;tonic."
Raxcip cracks open a beer...
Dria says, "brb"
Apocryphal puffs on a mellow cigar
Alan says, "Okay we're on - "
Martin reconnects.
Alan says, "Richard MacKinnon is going to type for me --"
Martin exclaims, "Whee!"
Dria laughs
Martin exclaims, "I can do the minutes here!"
Raxcip says, "it only seems like minutes..  Its hours."
Alan says, "Alan wants a minute by minute countdown."
Dria says, "okay, you're hired ;)"
Alan says, "Alan wants us to discuss what netsex might be."
Ghost drops its drawers..
Raxcip says, "I thouth we were byond *that* point..."
Martin says, "Alan went to "Hot Horny Bitches" because someone asked him 
to"
Alan asks, "What do you mean Raxcip?"
Ghost asks, "Not stimulating enough here?"
Dria says, "Well, the mind is the most important sexual organ.  Take away 
all t
he other senses, and those which remain are heightened.  That's what it's 
all a
bout. :)"
Raxcip says, "the general definition.."
Alan exclaims, "Hey Martin I didn't realize that you were here!"
Martin says, "Alan is talking about "wryting" as the ontological component 
to w
riting ..."
Martin says, "Well now you do .."
Martin says, "We can take turns transcribing Alan ..."
Martin exclaims, "Netsex sounds ....  aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh    
zzzzzzzzzzz
m mmmmmmmmmm m m mm m m m  erghhhhh   h h wheeeeee!"
Dria laughs
zone has entered Conference Room.
Alan asks, "Dria . . . are you saying that mind-impoverished beings cannot 
have
 sex?"
Martin says, "oog"
zone laughs
Dria says, "I find the silences during are more expressive :)"
zone loves it
Ghost exclaims, "Oh baby!"
Dria says, "mind-impoverished?  Uhm...yes, I guess I am."
Dria says, "depends what that means, of course"
zone cracks up
Alan says, "Dria, well then it seems to me that one doesn't need much of a 
mind
 to be silent.  Perhaps you should consider hooking up with a rock."
Martin says, "Alan is talkig about hesiataions and backtracking and 
erasuresd .
.."
Raxcip says, "Yes, Its interesting to think of the other when there not 
typing.
.."
Alan says, "Oh I see . . . then it's not the *silence* which is poignant, 
but t
he thoughts resulting from the silence."
Speaker fades in from Entry Point and joins you.
Ghost says, "writing Alan talking about writing erasures.."
Speaker says, "I'll be Alan's words ..."
Speaker says, "Martin typing them ..."
Martin says, "yeah"
Raxcip says, "or, the silences translate to RL "
Dria says, "typing takes a certain concentration...if you're otherwise 
occupied
, it becomes secondary :)"
Speaker says, "One case which resulted in netsex that recuperated a 
married wom
an ..."
Ghost says, "Good argument for CUseeme.."
Alan says, "That's interesting.  Fanny, mentioned to me that the VR 
impressions
 made on her--particularly the romantic kind--seem to linger into the real 
worl
d."
zone manifests a spontaneously generated tatoo on her inner arm which 
reads: wo
rds are sex
Martin says, "Sounds being recorded ... we'll put up the realaudio up 
later ...
"
Dria says, "excellent argument for CUseeme...but that changes the 
situation, re
ally.  It's not as much connected to mind...it becomes also visual."
Alan says, "Of course, this "lingering" phenomenon is often characterized 
by si
lence, especially when a person has logged off."
Speaker says, "At times netsex can be completely overwhelming ... "
Goatium_Guest fades in from Entry Point and joins you.
Speaker says, "Part of it the 'command structure'  ..."
Ghost moans
Speaker says, "The ASCII unconcoous ..."
Speaker says, "ignore my spelling"
Alan asks, "If the mind is the primary sexual organ, then what is the 
differenc
e between net.sex and physical sex?"
zone smiles
Dria says, "raw, digitized self, expressed.  It's very different."
Speaker says, ""I can't type half as fast as Alan, even though I do it for 
a li
ving ..."
Raxcip says, "net.sex leaves you alone, untouched."
Alan says, "Hmmm....this implies that a virtual body is available to 
virtual lo
vers."
Dria says, "untrue...emotions are of mind...I can be 'touched' 
emotionally...of
ten with greater effect."
Goatium_Guest has disconnected.
The housekeeper arrives to remove Goatium_Guest.
Speaker says, "text emerges as parts of past, childhood ... interjections 
... s
natches that are not normally given voice to ..."
Dria says, "it's a more intellecutal intercourse."
Raxcip says, "Yes, but I decided I could no longer have netsex.  it left 
me fee
ling too alone, too sad."
Alan says, "Yes, but even your desire to use the wor....er...word 
"touched" imp
lies that a sort of "body" is produced-- whether emotional or textual."
Speaker says, ""Part objects .."
zone . o O (...duly noted use of the word "snatch")
Dria says, "it's not a replacement, but an enhancement"
Martin says, "Snatch was my word .."
zone . o O (...duly noted use of the word "intercourse")
Martin apologises.
zone laughs
Dria did that on purpose ;>
zone nods to Dria
Alan says, "Yep.  I think's that's true to a point...but it's even more 
than an
 enhancement.  I think it is an alterate, but not necessarily one that 
replaces
."
Martin catches the odd drop from Alan's verbal waterfall ...
zone smiles at Martin
zone loves it
Alan hands Martin a bucket
Speaker says, """The power of Netsex ... not trivial ..."
Speaker says, "Joining subjects across the wall of language .."
Speaker says, "defining ... truth ... idea of true speech and the genuine 
other
 .."
Speaker says, "primordial objectivity ... "
Alan asks, "Dria, you said that you think the "touching" in VR is an 
enhancemen
t of physical touching.  This implies that the former is better than the 
latter
.  Do you really believe this?"
Dria says, "netsex allows us to explore, to investigate, to 
experiment...with o
nly minor risk, compared to rl...it's a new form of fulfillment...we are 
only b
eginning to explore the possiblities"
Speaker says, "kant ..."
Speaker says, "Questions about Kant ..."
Martin exclaims, "Bucket!?!?!"
Alan asks, "What's a matter, Martin?  Is a bucket not large enough to 
catch dro
ps from Alan's waterfall?"
Dria says, "enhancement...not 'better', just...different...often 
'worse'...but
it's something new, and powerful, which affects profoundly the lives of 
many pe
ople.  It cannot be shrugged off as inconsequential"
Speaker says, "A state of primitive fusion and confusion .."
Speaker says, "Temptation of St Antoine .."
Ghost says, "No one's mentioned gender yet.."
Speaker says, "Cyberspatial buzzing .... huge amounts of ..."
Speaker says, "Excretion's featured a few times ... not that zone ..."
Speaker says, "not = note"
Dria says, "gender becomes ephermal...manipulable...part of the 
experimentation
."
zone nods to Speaker
Alan says, "Okay, I'm with you.  In the case of "worse," "enhancement" is 
an od
d ...er...odd choice of word.  An enhancement which makes something worse 
is a
connotation that is usually reserved for Microsoft :-)"
Dria says, "we are who we want to become."
Speaker says, "Confusions of identity .... @gender commands ..."
Dria laughs
Dria says, "perhaps it was a poor choice of word."
zone says to Dria, "I agree Dria...but I think it is also an opportunity 
to bec
ome more *who we are*...online serving as a mirror..."
Speaker says, "Control faction ... moviong backwards and forwards from the 
abys
ss .."
Speaker says, "ss"
Dria asks, "what parts of life do *not* serve as mirrors?"
Speaker says, "tremendous sexualisaion of the internet as a whole ..."
Alan says, "No matter . . . I agree, though . . . the internet allows us 
to exp
lore and experiment with reduced risk, but really though, how much of a 
risk is
 afforded.  I know that people can really get hurt--which comes as quite a 
surp
rise to them."
Dria says, "it's the cultural restrictions which we ahve to deal with in 
rl."
zone says to Dria, "You mentioned this thing about who we want to 
become...and
I was noticing the opposite is also true..."
Speaker says, "Most non-moderated spaces show this ..."
Dria says, "that's why I said minor risk...the risk exists...the 
phenomenon of
cyberrape...that cannot be overlooked."
Speaker says, "Sexualisation ... desires implicit just about everywhere 
..."
Alan says, "Precisely.  We can dump some cultural baggage, but I think 
people w
ho think the net.sex is "safe" are a bit under-net.sex'd."
Speaker says, "16 minutes ... 4 to go "
Speaker says, "language loses its formal syntactic structure ..."
Dria says, "it's safer than rl, imho...injury is of a different nature 
entirely
."
Speaker says, "Raviushment becomes the unravelling of language..."
Alan says, "There a plenty of cases where net.sex has penetrated the 
condom-as-
interface and  and hit the user right where it hurts."
Speaker says, "Woman he knew who would short out the keyboard with her wet 
hand
 after coming .."
Speaker says, "Streams of characters ..."
Speaker says, "fbnu bgyf hgf hgf hf hgbfh jgthrjigbtrubigperhbubhuehtuig 
bubtg4
 75ub4 htgb4 u5tgb4 5ugpbu4pihu5ughbu54ibgutbgubthbgubt "
Speaker says, "Ah, tht's better."
Alan says, "weroiusc sfdrmss sadfsdflj asdfsdj4r32wq"
Raxcip laughs
Ghost says to Dria, "psychological hurt is still psychological hurt"
Alan shrugs
zone says, "seroshlkjlllllll kisslillhh .lkjjiliiiiiiillllmmmmmm"
Alan says, "Exactly."
Dria says, "as I said, different.  "
Speaker says, "cu-seeme is more uncanny and disturbing  than y-talk ..."
Dria asks, "you really can't see the difference in risk?"
Speaker says, "Silence of cu-seeme ... uncanny ... uncomfortable ... 
fascinatin
g ... becasue of the faces ..."
Speaker says, "faces erupt in different direction .."
Alan asks, "Is it possible that a face can be thought of as genitalia?"
Speaker says, "recognition ..."
Speaker says, "didn't get to death on the internet ..."
Dria thinks about Michael.
Speaker says, "Tomorrow: Michael Current's fdeath ..."
zone says, "le petit mort"
Speaker says, "Thankyou ..."
Speaker recieves applause ..
Raxcip says, "only insomuch as every part of the body is sexual, (faces)"
Dria applauds for Alan :)
Martin says, "Questions ..."
Martin asks, "?"
Speaker says, "... cleaning up ..."
Ghost goes out through the out door.
Alan says, "Stelar laughed at the notion of cleaning up."
Alan says, "=c"
Dria laughs
Alan says, "Apparently in Austrialia, Kant is pronounced "cunt.""
Speaker says, ""Jerry asks about Kant ... Alan thought he meant something 
else
... talking about netsex ..."
Speaker says, "It is."
Dria bites hir tongue
Martin says, "probably for good reason"
Speaker says, "carry sexuality beyond what happens in Alan's real life .."
Speaker says, "as it becomes more real ... series of exchnages ..."
Speaker says, "list ... priovate mail .. ."
Speaker says, "more emotional .."
Speaker says, "relationshiop ..."
Speaker says, "phone call "
Speaker says, "phone sex ..."
Speaker says, "y-talk ..."
Speaker says, "photos ..."
Dria nods...got the first phonecall today :>
Speaker says, "peices of hair ..."
Speaker says, "souvenirs ..."
zone smiles
Speaker says, "anything ..."
Raxcip says, "sextoys..."
Speaker says, "Small animals .."
Dria laughs
Raxcip asks, "?"
Alan says, "Panties, panties"
Speaker says, "Oh yes, panties ..."
Dria says, "oh, don't forget the panties."
Speaker says, "That was a typo  . ..."
Raxcip grins
zone says, "oh yeah...and remember panties"
Speaker uses the word "coagulation" a lot ...
Alan says, "Effluvia and coming together in a matted position."
Speaker says, "Question intimates that Jerry ta;ling and Alan typing was 
like G
ilbert and George ..."
Alan says, "Group net.sex."
Dria  thinks...hm, time to break out the erotica ;>
Speaker says, "like dria"
Speaker licks Dria ever so slowly.
Alan says, "Except that the group is one person."
Dria freezes, deer in the headlights ;>
Dria says, "Yummy"
Speaker says, "Richness of net.sex "
Speaker says, "Turn off the computer ... left with own reflection in 
screen ...
"
Dria says, "the mirror."
Apocryphal says, "..."
Speaker says, "Different movements ..."
Raxcip says, "yes, thats the part I hate.  The computer off me alone"
Apocryphal says, "or nothing...the matte, blankness"
Speaker says, "y-talk is like two bodies separated by 
