

....A./D.


...Analog digital / analog discrete, but also Anno Domini; one can only 
point out that linear time from 0 moves through both negative and positive 
numbers; the years are integers, the continuum backgrounded. A/D: Monothe- 
ism's gift, this or that, before or after; A/D: the continuum of time 
re/produced as discrete. The year 0 of our lord, the year 1 of our lord. 
This is the trouble with religions or ideologies with monolithic and 
linear narratives apparently grounded in specific and human events - 
everything proceeds like a white hole out of them. Of course every system, 
however broken, has its accountancy; I am punning here on A./D., the 
ferociousness of this division, and from the viewpoint of believers - as 
if humankind were waiting for this, the insertion of our lord into 
history, breaking history, remaking the codex of dates. Islam is similar.
With monotheisms it's all gone bad; the fabrication carries a suspect 
political ideology, as if the world has waited for year 0 and the 
insertion of a related temporal framework. This is what happens when 
there's a guy - Jesus or Mohammed or whomever - involved. The construct of 
absolute time is equivalent to absolute negative and positive, right or 
wrong. Clearly history doesn't start or end with the guy, so one counts 
forwards and backwards from him. But he's there as a stopper, 
transformation, wave equation collapse, as deadly as Schrodinger's cat 
might be.

Somewhere Weyl wrote about the last vestige of the self/ego in physics - 
the Cartesian origin. The guy hangs out there, claims the origin for 
himself/itself, refuses to recognize the tensor algebra of the thing which 
isn't a thing. It's be-all and end-all for him. Time begins, marches 
forward or backward, a permanent light-cone. The rest are its children.

( Note that this absolute time is _finite,_ that it begins and ends, that 
the origin is _historical._ And note that so many other systems portend a 
creation behind/beyond which numeracy was non-existent; the numbers begin 
in mythic time. So there are configurations that are lost in essence - not 
a guy hanging out, as if known by one and all. There's always the problem 
of the divine with historical time; mythos turns to miracles, Jesus doing 
this or that, almost like a party. Three and one is one by the way; for 
any absolute finite X here, X -> 1, I believe it is called a _kernel._ )



Why I am narrow.

I am narrow, minded; it is difficult to follow any stream, much less any 
particular stream, of thought. On an analog/digital forum I have been 
reading, there was already a worry expressed, take the division and run 
with it as if something were being said/done. It's on the edge/verge of 
nonsense. To be strict with oneself is to mine the sememe, abandon it in 
large part. What's left is practically non-existent. For example, issues 
of raster: increase the digital raster to the infinitely, small and create 
an identity map - that seems simple enough. But then quantum effects come 
into play - in fact the wave equation collapse enters here as well. Back 
out and try the other - the digital to the infinitely large. Then one has 
monotheism, totality. Try from the analog side - nothing occurs. Surely 
one integrates the digital to arrive at the analogic, but to begin with 
the analogic? To differentiate it? This might map, but then there is still 
the question of the raster. The raster? The question of the wave equation 
again. Try the abacus. Base 1: counting, enumeration, matching one-to-one. 
Base infinite: each number a symbol, memorization of ideograms (English 
spelling, kanji). But given infinite memory in the latter, zero memory in 
the former, they are both procedural; it's just that in the latter, 
nothing carries.

This goes on and on. So far so good, these are abacuses, objects counted, 
not too much out of line. If metaphor's involved, it's indexical. But then 
perhaps I bring in libido (Dionysian, analogic) and superego (Apollonian, 
digital), and I'm off and running. Before long I'm tied in Lacan's knots, 
a slippage that's always productive - how can it knot be? Language begins 
to curl, everything proceeds with a poetics of the real, and I'm lost, I'm 
lost...


Subject: Thai Calendar

The Thai Calendar is from the time of Buddha. My Netscape in OS9 won't let 
me cut and paste, anyway - it's the Thai solar or Suriyakati calendar - 
"The year however is counted from the Buddhist Era (B.E.) which is 543 
years earlier than the Christian Era (A.D.)." - Alan

So here is a split from an historical figure.

Can one say there are three types of calendars -

0 -> X, in which the origin only goes forward (i.e. from creation)
-X -> 0 -> X, in which an historical figure marks a zero point origin in 
historical time which is registered in terms of negative and positive 
integers
0 -> A(n) B(n') C(n'') in which emperor or other eras A, B, C, are locally 
enumerated by n, n', n'' - note in this case, there's a presumed origin 
which may or may not be of the first or second type above (i.e. an emperor 
may be at the origin of a mythical creation, or an emperor can be only the 
delineation of the beginning of imperial time)

I'm not sure where this gets us/me, whomever - but I'm fascinated by these 
systems, and the relation they have to monotheisms and/or historical 
lineages - Alan




The Apt Word


To write modernism is to write in voiceless voice.
To write in voiceless voice is an enunciation.
The enunciated is always pronounced.
This is based on the apt word.
Whatever I write, there is the apt word.
In terms of cleverness, the reader desires this, the apt word.
The apt word makes one famous, i.e. on the road to fame.
Apt may be an apt word.
Writing this style is always a well-honed craft.
I try to procure your agreement or perhaps disagreement.
My taste is apparent on the page. 
I am an expert in the use of words and their exactitude.
More specifically, the apt words.
Every phrase, every poem, is a composition.
The poet works hard at the composition, every word must fit.
The fit word is the apt word, both harmonious and perfect.
A poet claws its way to the apt word and beyond.
There is light on the other side of the apt word.
The apt word must not appear contrived.
Or it must appear contrived as a collusion between reader and writer.
The apt word must be secretly clever.
Or it must appear clever as such a collusion.
It's nature, the apt word, unnoticed but graces a reputation.
The audience knows the poet by the apt word.
Every poet has a different approach to the apt word.
And every poet has a different approach to the rest of it.
But it is all carefully crafted and that is why we care about poets.
And it is beautifully written and full of surprises.
And that is why we care about poetry.
I am serious about this, this apt word.
It is a well-turned phrase that contributes to the whole.
In a sense it is the whole.
Love language, love the apt, advertising and poetry pick and choose.
Here I am writing, searching for the perfect form.
Oh there must be more to this than that, there is not.
My words are perhaps not apt enough.
My turns of phrase...

|

an absolute burst or vertical signal in the for of + within an otherwise 
quiescent mode. 0/1 or Kronecker delta? 

onset and damping 0; at x = y of infinite +/-? this doesn't matter; give 
it the prominence of a spike.

what happens to energy at a well-defined frequency? close in and quantum 
effects appear. 

the spike is a trigger. what is the response time?

the speed, not the half-life, of particle decay?

dear mathematical physicist, you see I do not know what I am talking 
about. I am only certain that this spike plays a role in the phenomenology 
of the analogic and digital. 

analogic as adjectival; digital the same, as discrete, binary. or such of 
the discrete that has a modus operandi as binary.

consider the factory or configuration of the digital, its appearance as 
governing artifacture at a particular moment in civilization - when it is 
realized that the analogic may be _scanned._

but the digital is not always constructed, as the collapse of the wave 
equation implies. or rather it is always constructed - always an _action_ 
- but not necessarily an artifacture or technological production - which 
have teleology in mind.

what are the nature/s of the spikes in very low frequency radio for 
example? is the (natural) digital always the result of a _collapse_?

these (naive) questions are on the tip of the tongue, so to speak - an 
array.

and dear mathematical physicist, i hope you will be able to listen to the 
musings of an unaffiliated artist / theorist, who is trying to get it 
right, but may not always succeed.


analogic smear

postulate the analogical from the position of the operations of the 
analogical. i talked about, apologizing all the while for exhaustion, the 
relation of the analogical to deep identity, identity all the way damental 
ontologies and their relationship to the analogical and identity real, the 
truth is messy, noisy, analogic, irreducible, fuzzy. as listerv. this 
analogical labelling is superficial consider the analog is atemporal and 
time is analogical substructure integral the body analogical body is 
digital substructure substructure digital is body analogical body the 
integral substructure to analogical print differential biological material 
raster is the analog is atemporal and time is analogical time. this 
continuous world appears analogic. any element of the analogic real is 
interconnected and inseparable. the inherent. the application of truth 
values is digital. the analogic is a membrane. the analogic is dirty, 
inseparable, unbreakable. the dirty analogic problematizes its symbolic. 
the clean digital is the digital object is analogic. the analogic 
representation is digital. ghosts are embedded within the analogic. ghosts 
are excluded from the the analogic. to erase a distinction is to corrode 
it, to sublimate it to the analogic analogic. the creation of a signifier 
re-inscribes the signified image of the image is analogic. within the 
analogic real there is always room for error. "one can reverse this, in a 
sense, considering the application of analogic analogic, it might be a 
fairly useless exercise. as stimulate a vigorous debate on the 
relationship of digital and analogic the other. to stay with the filter is 
to remain analogic, deeply human, (dis)interested observer but from that a 
music producer. the analogic is note towards a foundational phenomenology 
of analogic/discrete 'domains.' ving the analogic and discrete (digital), 
we will get nowhere. where the digital exists under the aegis of 
fabrication, and the analogic tends towards sharpening and the analogic 
the physical world collapses ( and it's in codework that the mix of 
analogic and discrete 'ordering,' gestalt is both surplus and reduction. 
the inhabiting of text is analogic, assurance of purity. beyond that, 
there is nothing but plasma analogic, one integrates the digital to arrive 
at the analogic, but to begin with the analogic? to differentiate it? this 
might map, but then there is still perhaps i bring in libido (dionysian, 
analogic) and superego (apollonian, she smears to decomposing doll, the 
heart rate monitor freezes and she is sounds ! one who is clad in the hide 
of an elephant ! one who is besmeared where clara might go, smeared with 
shit, piss, and cum, mixing with the lag killed it. i can't think anymore. 
time zero is time smeared. oh, oh! "remaining nude, clad in torn dress, 
covered with oil, besmeared secrets, runnels overhanging the reach of 
chin, neck, smeared sweat, eme - or smearing, diapers, ink - shit 
everywhere - pissed books (drag pushes the rim of the asshole out - paste 
smeared upon the supine body of smear blending into the subtle plateau 
shadowed by fluttered bodies, and for whom inscription has transformed 
into smears. defuge smeared against the central desert's nilometer 
measuring taste, sweat, covered with grease and parts smeared everywhere. 
what remain of her her wipe wipe, she cleared a space, smeared apace, on 
the crt. "now it will be ples, want them smeared. they become 
writing-tools drag my body, parallel lines of shit, blood, smeared across 
the screen. this is the scrawl me, smeared across my balls as well. when i 
threw the bottle the res- bodies, and for whom inscription has transformed 
into smears. defuge smeared across the chest and face, immortalized in 
photographic image around broken space, smeared in orbital clouds running 
with a fury, smear let smear be our primary descriptor!

dank:smelly:hot:wet:smear:gooey:8068:2:sticky:smear:hot
flood:flow:spew:smear:gooey:yuus:8650:7:ooze:gooey:smear evening cuseeme.
time smeared, jetlag without the physiology or condition-
nipple::breast::round::togue::tongue::smear:::yes:12219:2:::smear as dirt
lends itself to the analog, the body, smeared and stained, escapes

    i despise your glances smeared across your faces
jennifer whispered.> href="slip them in.htm"<smear>/a< >a href="legs.htm"
get my period soon. i can tell because i keep finding a whitish smear in
seconds count series smears jennifer-text across screen series expands
ic may be "smeared" across a number of pages, programs, or other aspects
counted-for. it is unaccountable because it is smeared across sites (pa-
parts smeared across the screen, terminal-decay, terminal-desire. alone,
cells smear disrupted contents against it. blood gushes to the surface,
it would have to be under glass, my name smeared and rendered inde-
only then did you fall apart. then and only then were you smeared, defiled

     despise your glances smeared across your faces hatred of useless we 
covered with grease and parts smeared everywhere. what remain of her her 
contaminated by paper smears, ball-pointed inks coating tunnels to 
certificates smeared with flesh rubles and your cum so trade them in. this 
world smears meaning all over the place. everywhere we look we drib- were, 
we'd still be smearing meaning all over the places, as i said. then any 
two elements of a spectrum smear, gesturally, across the rest. so that ing 
smeared shitsuppurating asshole would soaking smeared shit mind you 
uneasy weighted penis shit vomitswallowed vomitmorselsmeared face your 
lively smeared hair is in my spry smeared eyes your your penis seeps into 
my smeared eyes - turning me julu-jennifer smeared - almost obliterated, 
choked on filth, disheveled

 the mind, pierce the ears, send the stump away, smear it areas and 
objects blurred, edges smeared, involuted polished bronze, smeared and 
non-existent recognitions. i come down the aisle, smear embrace on the 
perfect floor, flood into eg ..and place it on ure mouth ..and smear the 
screedn ..and look at ure eg ..and place it on ure mouth ..and smear the 
screedn ..and look at ure words t shit on me, smear me, we will lie across 
ourselves... you will drip from s ...till we no longer x sist in body 
..till we r in another space ..smeared wit tears smear dirt on our 
invisible faces where proper names are killed! line tourmaline, constant 
tears smear dirt on our invisible faces where leave us alone, azure and i 
naked, smeared with each other and with black crystalline tourmaline, 
constant tears smear dirt on our invisible faces tears smear dirt on our 
invisible faces where proper names are killed! smears d'nala with asshole 
flora and fauna. his chest is streaked. d'nala effects on video - images 
smeared into one another - lmsmears d'nala with asshole flora and fauna. 
his chest is streaked. d' smeared kanji before erasure after (the 
"thinking skin smears" itself across existence - from the program, binding 
is soaked, written, erased. - consider the next smearing of your your 
menses consider the next smearing of your thinking skin. is on my consider 
the next smearing of your thinking skin. first flooding consider the next 
smearing of your thinking skin. next smearing of your thinking skin. is on 
my your menses consider the next smearing of your thinking skin. is on my 
consider the next smearing of your thinking skin.first flooding your 
menses consider the next smearing of your thinking skin. is on my consider 
the next smearing of your thinking skin. my consider the next smearing of 
your thinking skin. is your chemistry into existence and your own my skin 
is smeared, still thinking my and stick their shit-covered pricks in 
them, smearing them with oil so escape the bullets and whips, dodge the 
swords and knives, they smear my would smear white powder in melanie's 
perfect long black hair, soiling it. n+1 creates 2(2^(n+1)-1)+1 elements - 
doubling through the 'smear,' the the next smearing of your thinking skin 
simple qbasic programs tending

 hanko (seal), nudes coming together, smearing the ideograms, they're the 
texts smear themselves across each other's bodies. the commands smear and 
go t e and eyes ..do that..and smearing e would protect u ...i would 
smearing us together... so so that i could bleed too so u would be coated 
smear u into myey hs yes yesair and my ...b.ones. these visions we build

 expulsion of rhizomatic surface to skin smeared with effluvia, desire, 
think she's carrying anything. clara, oozing blood, smeared with clara, 
oozing blood, smeared with symbols of shit and cum, now clara totters in, 
oozing blood, smeared with symbols of shit was wet with the flow of her, 
blood smearing my beautifully drawn nipples and open, touching skin, 
interior. walking down the street, cum smears she poured herself upon me, 
menses savaged, hysteric and thick, smeared analog video behaves 
differently, produces ghosts, smears, noise, all the women's toilets were 
smeared with human blood and excrement my smeared - almost obliterated 
honey.txt low lunar language.  the subject, the understood smeared with 
mud. a flood nothing red really on on flooding and blood, smeared with is 
onlooker floods, down up moo mexm highways smeared with theory's a of your 
menses consider the next smearing of your thinking skin. is on my 
flooding-room light, softenings considering the next smearing of your mud. 
a flood nothing red really on on flooding and blood, smeared with its 
dirty and smeared with blood, he wandered naked in the landscape of from 
one moment to the other - the idea of 'work' smeared across 'work' - 
natural which leaks through manageriality abjection which smears and 
tears smear dirt on our invisible faces where proper names are killed! 
line tourmaline, constant tears smear dirt on our invisible faces where 
leave us alone, azure and i naked, smeared with each other and with black 
crystalline tourmaline, constant tears smear dirt on our invisible faces 
tears smear dirt on our invisible faces where proper names are killed! 
hand never moved or remained still. infinitesimal hands smeared the hiding 
myself,, devourx if, smeared zi t.h cum,. texture of ague, words image? t 
me smears the image (which is completed by perception wu print "consider 
the next smearing of your thinking skin.\n" into existence and your own 
my skin is smeared, still thinking my 



I read this:


"limit notes

where a function converges to a limit. what is beyond 
the limit.

construction of works as edge phenomena
fields of symptoms, intermixtures of fields
the result given in relation to apperception

koan, satori, etc. in relation to edge -

tools, vlf radio
video microscopy
poser and other motion-capture work
extensions of narratives
'home-spun' equipment
analog/digital investigations: physics, mathematics
police-scanner psychotopography
GPS and Worldwind - presentation of 'hotspot events'?
gaming vignettes

for upcoming presentation:
modified whistlers
heap.mov
ennui.mov
motion-capture poser
blender work
- talk about geography and consciousness
- universe and consciousness in relation to 'plasma'

sexualities
heuristics
languages bodies
pathos, empathy, sympathy, defuge

anomalous vlf signals welded together
vlf antenna receptors? loops, fences, L, T, etc. 
vlf feedback - dual receivers etc. -

rule-governed systems in relation to consciousness 
(going back to older immersive/definable work). what 
is the _meaning_ of particular explanation? is 
explanation itself a form of the discrete?

the system in relation to the carrying-out of the 
system 
temporality inherent in the carrying-out

Irigaray, fluid mechanics - Hertz's mechanics.

the_limit_ is the discrete mathematization/formalism 
itself as on the page - the limit background - call 
it the 'horizon' or phenomenological horizon - is the 
immersive activity.

immersive activity is vectored, i.e. past-future, 
however entangled. an issue is genidentity - i.e. 
that constants, what _passes_ for constants - i.e. 
those formal written elements (which may include time 
as a variable).

a second limit - that of the apparatus - i.e. 
bandwidth or perceptual limit (of course not 
equivalent). how to translate the former into the 
latter - i.e. lowering pitch, etc.

sexual/linguistic limits - how the body is 
collapsed/expanded (see Leder for example) - the 
body's _Jordan surface_ for example, i.e. topology 
rendered _diffused_ - exhortations of the plasma.

_discomforted_ boundaries -

the 'field of possibilities' - cdrom soundwork / 
dancework (Foofwa) / still images, 'natural' images - 
how to integrate these?

certainly the sound/dancework is up against limits - 
but the 'natural' images - not at all. or 
memory-replete, nothing but. -

associating each of 13 images with one of the tobacco 
cards - distorting images / distorted ground - 
recording continuous human intervention (oil company) 
- can we get into those grounds?

building linux - editing video on linux - 
compressions, occlusions - radio - doubled coiling - 
experiments w/ groundwire - ARRL Antenna book - how 
does length of a short wire operate with VLF? book on 
whistlers 2nd-hand?

help with: Machinema , vlf, linux video editing"

- and as I read this, I could not help thinking - 
here is the limit-symbol of the thought, the discrete 
result, preponderance of diffuse movement- motion 
well within the habitus-inhabitation, here it is.

- and that these symbols are themselves deep within a 
potential well, momentarily stable, this is what I am 
thinking, this is what I was thinking, Vygotsky's 
inner voice taking over, even now, as I type 
accordingly, to the fixture of the design for-from my 
summer work.

- on the other hand, who would care about these 
specifics, this aggrandizing-attempt, these useless 
details, for example the tobacco cards from the late 
nineteenth-century, each with the image and name of 
an actress, a photograph directly from the negative, 
sexuality both thwarted and pleasured, the pleasure 
in the thwarting? or who, without any evidence 
whatsoever of the Worldwind program, would care about 
a mapping or remapping of the globe, no matter what 
the weather? all these details ....

- nonetheless, there is at least the guise or hint of 
value here, for any reader who cares to unravel the 
text beyond their fastenings.

- and for this reason


Of Speech As of Number


Number names in various languages (for example Japanese) alter in relation 
to their quantified; '3 books' and '3 people' may have different words for 
'3' altogether. In English, the number words are unary, however.

However, and this relates to issues of analog/digital (which I continue of 
course to pursue), there are three 'speakings' of number, dependent on 
use:

1. 2118 = "two thousand, one hundred and eighteen" - indicative of 
_quantity._ For example: "There are two thousand, one hundred and eighteen 
bison on the island." Note the comma and connective may be omitted: "There 
are two thousand one hundred eighteen bison on the island." Think of this 
as the _indexical._

2. 2118 - "twenty-one eighteen" - indicative of date (within a serial / 
linear construct). This is number as _sign._ For example: "In the year 
twenty-one eighteen, all large mammals, except for humans, will either be 
extinct or corralled." Note "twenty-one eighteen" is almost never written 
out as such; the usual expression would be "In the year 2118, all large 
mammals, except for humans, will either be extinct or corralled." Think of 
this as the _symbolic._

3. 2118 - "two one one eight" - indicative of _identification_ For 
example: "I live at two one one eight Western Boulevard, near the Monument 
of Extinctions." Phone numbers and other identifications (credit card, 
social security) are usually spoken in this fashion. Think of this as the 
_ikonic._

In ikonic identification, quantity and seriality are irrelevant. The 
number is neither cardinal nor ordinal. In symbolic seriality, 
identification is based on quantity, only in the sense that quantity 
defines positionality; this is ordinal, not cardinal. In indexical 
quantity, identification and seriality are weakened; the quantity of bison 
(for the most part alone) is relevant. The number is cardinal.

I am stretching Peirce's notion of signs here. Nevertheless, there is some 
hint of value on the horizon. Number trifurcates in the speaking; the 
specificity of 3 portends the specificity of the discrete, for example.

What happens with decimals? Almost always, they are indicative of 
quantity, although one can imagine an identification number of the form, 
for example, "21.2.1.96" - which would be read "twenty-one point two point 
one point ninety-six." If the form is standard, one might eliminate the 
"point" as in "twenty-one two one ninety-six." If the numbers are more 
than two or three digits, for example "2134.9121.1." - the most likely 
speaking would be "two one three four point nine one two one point one." 
Telephone numbers of the form "(718)555-1235" are of this type, with the 
punctuation omitted: "seven one eight [pause] five five five [pause] one 
two three five."

There are exceptions to all of these; I am concerned, however, with a 
general trend, at least in one language.


Zeno

Clearly the arrow _stops_ and in all instances of motions, objects _stop._ 
Measurement stops them. Think of the position as a blurred set. Stopping 
is unstopping; stopping approaches C, the speed of light, meanders towards 
the asymptotes.
beneath the plane coming in for a landing during perfect vlf
this may have been paris or frankfurt
The plane performs an asymptote.
Plane vector < = > runway vector.
We were all saved when the plane loomed overhead in the nighttime sky.
I snapped picture after picture as quickly as possible.
My name is Zeno. I am still alive.


vw


the ordering is in the difference.
the difference is the metaorder; within the metaorder, there is replete 
order. 
the metaorder is temporal; the replete order is synchronic, there.
meta/space, replete/time.
the orders are illuminated.
there are too many planets left in darkness, without consciousness, alone, 
uncharted, unavailable to sentience.
small well-ordered set (see Huntington's The Continuum) -



_


Radio, the World, the Discrete


Not only is radio tremulous in its reception of the stars themselves; it 
is also analogic, requiring no decoding; what you hear, what you record, 
is what there is. The opposite holds for online radio, packet-protocol 
radio, no matter how shipped; like a jpg image, it requires specific 
constructs to make sense of it all. And such constructs tie into very 
notions of software coding, intellectual property, corporate and personal 
privacy. What the antenna registers, what the wires contact, may be 
contacted by all; they are primordial, inert. Give a wavelength or wave- 
length bundle, give a direction or directions or omni-directions, and what 
comes in, comes in to any living creature, ready for the interpretation or 
not, Rosset's idiocy, or the muteness of the world. Move to the Net, Net 
radio, already the raster is at work; there is a fineness, an absolute 
floor and absolute ceiling, of the recording/playback - of the apparatus 
itself - that cannot be bypassed; extrapolation is trusting at best - that 
nothing in-between, no out-of-packet information, exists to trouble the 
rest. This is the differend at work, surely, and it is the differend that 
characterizes the digital - what is not permitted to speak, what is 
literally circumlocuted.

Radio brings the unknown to bear; the Net brings the known to the 
bearable. Given a text/image/audio/whatever file - that is all there is, 
nothing more; it exhausts itself and is exhausted and the play of content, 
the semiosis, exists in the perceiver, not 'out there.' This is secondary 
narcissism, looping through the machine; primary narcissism is the realm 
of the analogic, our cosmological identification.

