theory

the world is a world of replete suffering fecundity of pain
not buddhist pain pain pure and simple debilitating pain
pain of utmost savagery we do what we can we contribute
pain could be autonomic no feeling but reaction the organism survives
survives peacefully fighting off the intrusion from within and without
the natural world follows no such leads follows no leads at all
pain is irrelevant to the suffering mind only a signal
if the signal close down mind the organism makes way for others
others and betters if the pain is so intense so furious
we do what we can in this regard of furious pain
the elimination of our species will eliminate one iota of the world's pain
we can do no better we are of the most violent we should know better
destroying everything in our path crawling towards armageddon
animals and plants all the narrows will be open wide and poisoned
our minds are the worlds shit we dig from the earth with furious teeth
with teeth of iron slash flesh from eyes and stomachs in animal fun
how else shall we know what we are made of we alone feel pain
we will survive momentarily no longer that is fine
the faster we go the longer for beginning others
perhaps waiting just around the corner they're already dying
lateness of the hour a bad joke


On Code and Codework


Consider a well-defined entity x, and its complement -x. Then x^-x = N, 
the null set. Consider a second entity y and -y, y^-y = N. Think Nx and 
Ny, the null set relativized to x and y. Consider three separable entities 
x, y, z, and take pairs xy, yz, zx. These are symmetrical yx, zy, xz. Let 
ab stand for a^b. Then xy, yz, zx are equivalent to null. Let x, y, z 
divide a planar region into three regions bordering on each other. Let x@y 
represent a line equidistant from the entities x and y. Then x@y, y@z, z@x 
all meet at a single point. Divide the plain so that all entities are 
grouped in triads; each triad meets in a single point. Divide the plain so 
that these single points are grouped in triads and so forth. What branches 
are available? Is a single point reached? To operate with x and -x such 
that x^-x = N is to operate with discrete entities common to distributive 
aristotelian logic. Now consider a second set, X, Y, etc., mapped onto the 
first; the mapping may be one-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-one. If the 
first, the resulting mapping is reversible. If the second, it is 
reversible but the coding itself is not reversible. If the third, the 
mapping is not reversible; the result is a set of possibilities, not a 
single one. Codes are mappings. There are two types of codes, declarative 
and performative. An example of the former is Morse; it is one-to-one, but 
all that is produced is equivalence. An example of the second is Perl; 
Perl codes procedure. If procedure is coded, then the contents of the 
procedure are doubly coded. If a Perl program parses {A} to produce {B}. 
then the primary coding is the program which constructs and orders 
procedures. The secondary coding is {A} -> {B} which may be considered the 
semantic plane of the code. In Eco's A Theory of Semiotics, only a rule 
'may properly be called a '_code._' and a rule couples items from one 
system with some from another. Eco extends the possibility of code to 'a 
set of possible _behavioral responses_ on the part of the destination. 
This is performativity. In codework, primary and secondary coding are 
entangled. Entanglement may be considered noise in the system. With noise, 
the null set N is blurred across fuzzy sets with parasitic inputs; x^-x 
and x^y may be and usually are ill-defined. It is this ill-definition - 
which functions for example in current definitions of words like 'freedom' 
- that tends towards political economy. Political, because culture and the 
social are at stake in relation to the definition which is always already 
under contestation, and economy, because there are limited resources and 
examples for any particular definition. With codework, meaning itself is 
problematized as a result of entanglement. In Eco, it is the code which 
reaches a destination, not the message. The decoding of the message may or 
may not be equivalent to the source. Noise is always already present and 
is considered within the channel. This is the T-model of the parasite 
described by Serres. Eco states "When a code apportions the elements of a 
conveying system to the elements of a conveyed system, the former becomes 
the expression of the latter, and the latter becomes the content of the 
former. A sign-function arises when an expression is correlated to a 
content, both the correlated elements being the functives of such a 
correlation.' Code is a collocation or system (not necessarily the same) 
of processes; processes are performative; both are temporally-embedded. A 
mapping f(x) = y is not temporally-embedded; thus the mapping of the even 
numbers onto the number system may be considered an ideality which _is,_ 
regardless of temporal processes. The structure is given all-at-once 
within the formula (and its proof); its proof is a carrying-out of the 
truth-value, or a revealing of the truth-value, of the structure. There 
are mappings which are systemic, i.e. structure-dependent, and there are 
mappings which are non-systemic or purely heuristic, such as randomly 
assigning letters in a message to a triple number (page/line/letter- 
position) originating from a particular edition of a particular book. In 
all of these instances, of course, terms like 'system' and 'assign' are 
themselves fuzzy; nevertheless there's a tremendous difference between the 
anecdotal and the structural, and there are practical differences in the 
ensuing codes and their employment. Peter Gardenfors, in Conceptual Space, 
The Geometry of Thought, considers 'conceptual spaces' which are related 
to tessellation of the plane. This reminds one of Peirce's simplest mathe- 
matics, which is also related to Venn diagrams; in all of these, sets of 
entities and concepts in the life-world are mapped into other spaces which 
may or may not reflect thinking processes. Geometry is always bound by its 
spatial representations; there is no reason to think, at all, that the 
mind necessarily works through spatial or any representation for that 
matter. Representation is always coded; Sebeok, in Approaches to Animal 
Communication, 'Semiotics and Ethology,' points out that the 'model 
suggested here entails a communication unit in which a relatively small 
amount of energy or matter in an animal (a) the source, brings about a 
relatively large redistribution of energy or matter in another animal (or 
in another part of the same animal), (b) the destination, and postulates 
(c) a channel through which the participants are capable of establishing 
and sustaining contact. Maturana somewhere talks about such communication 
as the mutual orienting of cognitive domains. Sebeok states that 'Every 
source requires a transmitter which serves to reorganize, by a process 
called encoding, the messages it produces into a form that can be 
understood by the destination. The source and the destination are 
therefore said to fully, or at least partially, share (d) a code, which 
may be defined as that set of transformation rules whereby messages can be 
converted from one representation to another.' As long as one sticks to 
transformation rules, code is always procedural. Sebeok states that 'The 
string generated by an application of a set of such rules is (e) a 
message, which may thus be considered an ordered selection from a 
conventional set of signs.' I think that 'ordered' is problematic as well, 
since there is clearly a qualitative difference between book-ordering as 
described above, and a set of rules based on mathesis. Where does the 
arbitrary come in? One might say - and this is an important principle - 
that the content of a code itself is directly correlated to its 
arbitrariness. In this sense, the measure of a code is related to the 
entropy of information within the process of encoding. The greater the 
degree of the arbitrary, the more difficult to break, the greater the 
entropy and therefore the greater the degree of information within it. 
This is not on the level of the double-level of the code, i.e. the content 
it operates upon, if there is such content (as in the Perl example above), 
but within encoding itself. Every encoding is an encoding of encoding; if 
the encoding is fully realized by the product of the code, then its 
semantic content / information is low. If Morse encodes a message, more 
than likely the message may be decoded based only on the distribution of 
letters. The Morse content is low. If a book is used, the decoding is 
increasingly difficult and the content of the code is high. This is also 
related to issues of redundancy vis-a-vis Shannon and Weaver. Note that a 
message and its destination are irrevocably ruptured; there is no 
guarantee that an equivalence is attained on any level. Code operates more 
often than not on an ontological plane disassociated, or associated by 
intention only, with both its source and its decoding; there is no 
guarantee that the source and the message-at-its-destination have anything 
in common. There is no guarantee of the coherency of the practice of 
coding in a particular case, no guarantee of one-to-one or one-to-many or 
many-to-one, no guarantee of a zero-parasite-demographics - no guarantee 
that the channel, in fact, has not been derailed altogether, as often 
happens with bacteriophages. Bateson, in Bateson and Ruesch, Communica- 
tion, The Social Matrix of Psychiatry, states 'codification must, in the 
nature of the case, be systematic. Whatever objects or events or ideas 
internal to the individual represent certain external objects or events, 
there must be a systematic relationship between the internal and the 
external, otherwise the information would not be useful.' Today one can 
say, 'otherwise the information might not be useful,' since it is 
precisely in the breakdown of systematic relationships that innovation 
emerges.' But meaning may be produced even out of tautology. For example, 
propositional logic may be 'derived' from the Sheffer stroke, 'not both A 
and B'; it can also be derived from its dual, 'neither A nor B.' What can 
we say about these? Only that they represent, as processes or _cullings_ 
of particular bounded universes, an unbinding/unbounding - 'neither A nor 
B' points elsewhere altogether, and 'not both A and B' points either 
elsewhere or towards an underpinning of union. At the heart of this 
reduction of propositional logic, is a tendency towards dispersion, 
towards wandering, the nomadic, even though the symbols within the 
calculus proper are completely mute. The Sheffer stroke and its dual, by 
the way, are related as well to the processes of inscription with which 
this essay began - for what is x^-x, than an _inscription_ of an entity, a 
process of coding (and all coding is inscription of one form or another) 
the real for the purposes of comprehension, a process that produces, not 
only meaning, but _all the meaning there is._ There is no outside to the 
sememe, just as there is no landscape without a viewpoint. In this sense 
we are bounded, and bound to be bounded. I want to acknowledge and take 
responsibility for interpretations here which are necessarily shallow and 
possibly misrepresentations as well; this is true in particular of 
Gardenfors' book which is complex, and which I have just begun. I have 
found the concept of conceptual spaces of use here, as a way of thinking 
through code, process, representation, sememe, Eco's planes of expression 
and content, etc.; but I do not yet understand it within Gardenfors' 
theory. I have also completely neglected what I think is most necessary, a 
detailed typology of codes, taking for example temporality into and out of 
account in various ways. I cannot see how one can proceed without a deep 
reading of Eco's 'Theory of Codes' which is the major section of A Theory 
of Semiotics. In the same book, Eco develops a typology of sign production 
which is quite useful. Other references might be Barthes' S/Z (although I 
constantly find his poeticizing beautiful and problematic), and a quite 
useful early book, Symbol Formation, An Organismic-Developmental Approach 
to Language and the Expression of Thought, Werner and Kaplan, Wiley, 1963. 
Finally, it is clear from all of the above that at best one can sketch a 
_discursive field,_ complete with intensifications themselves representing 
concepts; this is similar to a loosely-structured Wittgensteinian family 
of usages. 'Code,' like 'game,' is always a strategy and a wager from a 
theoretical viewpoint, and like much such viewpoints, everything and 
nothing is at stake. One would hope for a future of usefulness, politics, 
and aesthetics to emerge; the danger, in relation to 'codework' itself, is 
that a style develops, and that the uneasy underpinnings - which at least 
for me are the most interesting aspects of it - eventually disappear, 
absorbed back into issues of genre, etc. Code, like the processes of 
postmodernity, is always in a state of renewal, whether or not the 'type' 
or 'concept' remains, and at stake within this renewal is our interpreta- 
tion of the world itself - our actions and our 'reading' of being and 
beings. Wittgenstein's 'silence' at the end of the Tractatus is code's 
success, not failure; it is the always already of the always already, but 
not its foundation.


Code and Codework ii, coding, encoding, confusion

Coding is a process, aptly named; the field is open or let us consider it 
open, a dispersion in which goals are paramount but may not exist as the 
program wends its way into momentary stasis, occasional completion. It is 
the traditional 'death of the author' given open-source; it is never- 
ending; like a markov chain, it is determined in part by what came before, 
it may move elsewhere, cancel, disappear. Input is remote, disparate; is 
the objective, whether of a command, line, subroutine, routine, program, 
module, language. The objective is the focus on whatever is at-hand, and 
whatever is at-hand, the input, is encoded. Encoding is parasitic on both 
code and object - on code, as a process or operation, and on object, as 
transformable entity, within and without which code is entangled, inhered. 
A code constructs code; an encoder is all input; we have spoken elsewhere 
about the relationship of output to input; what is encoder output is 
already lost in transmission, has fled elsewhere. Perhaps _I code,_ and 
perhaps _it encodes,_ thereby lies all the difference, the distinction 
among con/structures, con/structions. In part codework is self-devouring, 
between or among coding and encoding, part operation and part residue; 
part symptom, the expressivity of disease; and part the struggle, what 
appears as struggle, what is not struggle or is inauthentic struggle, of 
the origin, originary content, to retain its sememe, in spite of all 
filtering, or magnified and not diminished by such filtering. These terms 
and my use of them are of course arbitrary; one might use encoding to 
reference the act of program-creation and coding that which operates on 
input, with all the phenomenology of input already indicated. I choose a 
distinction between these words in order to articulate a distinction 
within the field; otherwise we are off again into unnecessary obscurity. 
As for the _element_ of a code, there is a sign or sign-function, there is 
a process drawn from tables or closed lexicons. As for the _element_ of 
encoding, there is none; an input may, in relation to the encoding 
program, be fit (in the sense of harmonization) or not; in a sense it does 
not matter, as encoding is matterless, codeless, just as coding is 
mattered, albeit the ideality or cyberneticization of matter. Again it is 
a difference which makes all the difference, as in Spencer Brown. One 
might also say that coding is the creation of a detemporalized structure 
by means of temporal operations (on the part of humans or otherwise), and 
that encoding is the detemporalized operation (detemporalized by virtue of 
the black-box) on input, creating a temporal difference between input and 
output, t1 and t2, different in every (parametric) way. But this is 
somewhat sophistry; certainly a program is a detemporalized structure. But 
wait, for the input and output are there to-be-used; they exist most 
likely within the matrix of the human; they are _employed._ The employment 
of a program - and a program may devour itself or other programs - is also 
temporalized, but the program itself, unused, a series of commands and 
other materials, is only a static articulation. Nevertheless, the static 
articulation may be always in the process of constant self- or other- 
revision, and time moves on. Let us say then that coding is the operation 
on code and the production of an articulation, and that encoding is the 
operation on input, within which code is irrelevant - even if code is 
foregrounded, even if code crashes, the input is destroyed, garbage in / 
garbage out on any level. The difference is subtle, but perhaps there. One 
might like encoding then to Husserlian internal time-consciousness, and 
coding to formal and linear (parallel or non, clocked or variable, etc.) 
time. Or the other way around. Or the meeting of the two, as code may be 
input, code may be encoded, code may code. Still, we might say this, that 
encoding is the _disappearance of the code,_ and coding, its _promulga- 
tion._ Entanglement occurs at all levels of operation. DNA encodes, but 
encodes what? Itself, input/output material blind to DNA/RNA? DNA codes or 
encodes DNA as well. Tacit knowledge (Polyani) resolves nothing, but plays 
a role: use a screwdriver long enough, and it disappears from the hand - 
all that remains is the interaction with the screw. Too much is made of 
code, coding, encoding, decoding; not enough is made of the disappearance 
of code - not as universal subtext of capital, but as a necessary corre- 
late to our functioning in the world.




Aphoristic Essay on Analog and Digital Orders


The digital: by 'digital' I mean 'discrete.' By 'digital' I mean 
'systemic,' characterized by systematization, parameterization.

The analog appears continuous; the digital appears discrete, broken.

In everyday life, the digital is the result of an intervention.

An intervention is a mapping. Every mapping, unless a mapping of itself 
('ikonic'), leaves something out.

The intervention requires the setting of a standard raster. A raster is a 
filtering of a quantity, almost always with discrete steps. Think of a 
raster as a 'screening,' creating elements out of a continuous bandwidth, 
then quantifying those elements.

The elements are ordered. The raster sorts the continuous fabric of the 
real into separable categories.

The raster is standardized so that information may be transmitted and 
received through coherent channels, by means of a coherent transmitter and 
receiver.

The standardization of the raster is a _protocol._ The protocol must be 
agreed upon by both sender and receiver.

In everyday life, the establishment of a raster and protocol requires 
energy and communication. Raster and protocol must be communicated.

After raster and protocol are established, the parceled semantic content, 
coded by raster, may be communicated.

Coding and community establishes raster and protocol. Encoding codes an 
object from analog to digital.

From the viewpoint of the digital, the analog is forgotten; the process is 
irreversible.

A digital parcelling is accurate only to the limits of a particular and 
conventionally-established tolerance. The tolerance, more often than not, 
is tied to economy. In general, the greater the capital available, the 
lesser the tolerance.

The analog possesses no tolerance. The analog is _there._

The digital is never _there._ The digital is always process, in-process.

If the digital is indexical, 'pointing towards' a mapping of the contin- 
uum, the analog _is_ that scale. The analog is ikonic, the digital is 
indexical.

The distinction between the digital and its referents or domains is onto- 
logical; the distinction between analog and its domain is epistemological.

At zero tolerance -'no room for error' - and an infinitely-fine raster, 
the digital is equivalent to the analog. The map, in other words, is 
exactly equivalent to the thing itself. 

The thing itself is equivalent to the thing itself; this is identity.

At infinite tolerance - infinite error permitted - and infinitely-coarse 
raster, the digital is equivalent to a kind of _mark._

A mark totalizes 'its' demarcated.

A mark is an _instance._

There are numerous 'real worlds' of nearly-decomposable systems. (Herbert 
Simon) The world of everyday life appears continuous; it is only in 
dreams, for example, one encounters jump-cuts - sudden shifts of place and 
time. This continuous world appears analogic.

The world of symbols and signs - the world of languaging and inscription - 
appears discontinuous, syntactic, and digital, characterized by discrete 
moments and entities.

The filmworld (Christian Metz) appears an entanglement of languaging and 
continuities. Because film is an operable subject (i.e. a subject whose 
discursive field is somewhat definable), the entanglement tends towards 
polarities, interpretations, interpenetrations, etc. Frames are digital; 
the diegesis is analog (continuous story), and digital (semiotics of 
narrative); the psychoanalytics are digital (continuous processing of the 
subject-viewer).

Neurophysiology implies, not only entanglements of digital (neural 
firings) and analog (potentials), but the problematizing of the analog/ 
digital split on ontological/epistemic grounds. The domains are both 
inseparable and problematized; the distinction is useless.

The same is true on the level of 'fundamental' physics, at least as far as 
current research goes; there are quantum processes that involve discrete 
levels, and there are continuums; there is the breakdown of space-time at 
small distances/times, and so forth. If the world is information 'all the 
way down,' the coding at this level is again neither analog nor digital.

In other words, mental and fundamental physical events and processes 
abjure any clear distinction between analog and digital, to the extent 
that the phenomenology of both is inappropriate. If there is a 'book of 
nature,' there is as of yet specific syntactics.

One is always searching for the syntactics, however; it is by means of 
coding and encoding that the universe is grasped.

The analog slips through the fingers. The world slips through the fingers.

Any element of a raster is independent of any other element. Any element 
may be transformed without transforming any other element. Truth values 
within the digital are problematic. The digital is cleanly separable, 
breakable. The digital is clean.

Any element of the analogic real is interconnected and inseparable. The 
transformation of any element alters any other element. Truth values are 
inherent. The application of truth values is digital. The analogic is a 
membrane. The analogic is dirty, inseparable, unbreakable.

The dirty analogic problematizes its symbolic. The clean digital is 
already symbolic.

The digital _object_ is analogic. 

The analogic _representation_ is digital.

Ghosts are embedded within the analogic. Ghosts are excluded from the 
digital. 

Absence or exclusion from the digital is equivalent to non-existence from 
the viewpoint of the digital. Ghosts are existence and existents within 
the analogic.

The digital envelops the act of differentiation; the analog envelops 
integration. The analog smoothes what the digital disrupts.

The digital requires a place to stand. The digital requires an origin. The 
analog of Cartesian coordinates is countermanded by the discrete and 
arbitrary location of the origin.

The digital draws a distinction; the analog erases it.

To draw a distinction is the construct a potential well, within which the 
distinction functions, in spite of the corrosion of the world.

To erase a distinction is to corrode it, to sublimate it to the analogic 
real, the plasmatic world.

The plasmatic world is the heated world in which distinctions last less 
time than the processes required to convey information. The plasmatic 
world, a theoretical construct, is necessarily inoperable. The world of 
the landscape - without a _preferred viewpoint_ - is such a world. 

The cold-world is the world of the permanence and transformations of 
distinctions. The cold-world is a world of potential wells, in which signs 
convey, remain - in which structures remain intact, in which semantic 
content flows through structures.

The digital quantifies the analog.

The digital carries a price-tag.

Coding, by its very nature, is digital, that is to say, discrete.

Never, 'above,' as 'below,' but 'as above,' apparent 'as below.' Metaphor 
and metonymy are always already tropes, within the digital.

The signifier does not _reference_ the signified; it _creates_ it from the 
analogic. The creation of a signifier re-inscribes the signified 
elsewhere; as in Saussure's example, the signifier never operates 'within' 
the real, but within a _chain of signifiers,_ a hermeneutics on the plane 
of the Other, which inauthentically appears to create the 'Originary' 
plane, i.e. Creation.

To create by speech ('and the Lord said') is always already to embody the 
creation as _inscription._ Inscription separates the inscribed and thereby 
created entity from its complement, the inscribed world external to the 
inscribed and created entity.

The totality of inscriptions necessarily forms a _coherent and closed 
system,_ since the system is, after all, created by humans or other 
organisms, and their cultures.

Somewhere von Foerster characterizes organism by _negation._ Negation is 
the first speech act. Negation is the primary speech act, 'not this, not 
that' - 'avoid that - that is dangerous' - 'do not go there.' 

To negate is to inscribe. To negate is to create. The creation of an 
entity is always a carving-away. The creation of an entity implies a 
reduction relative to that entity.

The digital is the carving-away of what is deemed extraneous. The digital 
saws into the extraneous, which is its residue.

The residue is the residue of the analog; the residue is parasitic, noise.

The digital is noiseless, absolute silence.

The analog is absolute noise.

The circle of signifiers washes against mental impressions. The image of 
something is always already a construct (Sartre), rule-bound, but the 
image of the image is analogic.

If something is an analog of something else, both suffer from similar 
noise. Both suffer from similarity.

If something is a representation of something else, both draw structures 
from each other.

The analog is unstructured; the digital is structured.

The analog is communality, use-value. The digital is community, exchange- 
value. Exchange may be direct or indirect, transitive. Exchange may be 
based on apparent equivalence, on agreement, on contract. Exchange binds 
entity to entity. Exchange defines entity. Exchange defines entity in 
relation to (by virtue of) entity.

Analogic use-value is imminent and immanent. Digital exchange-value is 
distanced, defined. Analog is subject; digital is object. The object of 
digital is subject to analog. Exchange replaces use. The subject of analog 
is object to digital. Exchange replaces use.

Digital is always already a presumed contamination of the real. The 
presumption is always already false.

The analog is always already a presumed healing or suturing of the real. 
The presumption is always already false.

Without the digital, communication would be impossible. The ideality of 
the feral world is equivalent to the world under erasure.

To throw away the scaffold is to retain it. To retain everything, releases 
everything.

"Wovon man nicht sprechen kann, darueber muss man schweigen." (Wittgen- 
stein) - is already lost.



perfect image beauty
      
sondheim's Home perfectly beautful 0
    it is perfectly beautiful, Jennifer, to have a slight flaw, in fact 
the slight flaw makes it perfectly beautiful, of course it does, nothing 
else, just the slightest offset, this is what the gods desired, the 
universe is isotropic or is it anisotropic, never mind, the symmetry's 
broken, an, i, an i, Jennifer, remember that 
sondheim's Home perfectly beautiful 1
    once the principles are esablished, said the Greeks, Jennifer, it was 
easy, everything fell into place. it wasn't later, until digital syntesis, 
that the uncanny made its appearance in the realm of perfection, however. 
look at what lovely unfoldings, Jennifer, undraped sky, what beauty 
sondheim's Home perfect beauty 2
    the cracks of marble and the scanlines, marble against marble against 
emptiness, ontological loss between one and another position, 
neuraesthetics of neuraesthenia, Jennifer, (A marble marble (A emptiness)) 
sondheim's Home perfect beauty 3
    you huddle, huddling Jennifer, in the cracks, they're there for a 
reason, they're psychopomp, they're swollen, they're enormous, they're 
miniscule, they're inscribed, they're perfectly inscribed, Jennifer, 
they're palimpsest, collocation of indelible formulas, present and eternal 
and accounted-for, trembling and fragile and falling-apart, they're what 
people do, they're the done-with-it, huddling Jennifer, they're the fear 
and poison in men's minds, they're perfect 
sondheim's Home perfect image 4
    you are waiting, Jennifer, engendered-Jennifer, genifer, 
hinged-iron-genifer, genniferrous, tiny candle burns here, Egyptians, 
Greeks, and Japanese are waiting, burning on and off for four days, 
yahrzeit, year-time, crack or impression of death, the slightest glimmer, 
under starrystarry skies, inconceivable beauty, i am sorry, Jennifer, i am 
not joking, honestly, i will not be remembered for it, this split on both 
sides of the entity, this almost grid, almost-alive, these perfect 
imperfection


some sum across text

0 the world has any and none
1 axioms and axiologies are dispersed among worlds and domains
1 distinctions may be fissuring of same and same
1 every age is every un-age
1 links and couplings constitute the world
1 meaning is constituted by virtue of desire and domains
1 mouths and ears are identical
1 primary structures include annihilation and creation
1 representation structures are in the form of mappings
1 the armature of belief is the encoding of desire
1 the phenomenology of the imaginary is that of the plasma
1 the world has a certain style 
1 theory is defuge and enumeration coupled with abjection and foreclosure
1 this abacus is always already that abacus
2 channeling and gating may also be included
2 desire is towards signifer and totalization
2 distinctions may be inscriptions of self and not-self
2 domains are nearly decomposable into worlds
2 hierarchies decompose into holarchies at the limit
2 in a link contiguity transforms into structure
2 investment is characteristic of phenomena
2 it is terminology which forecloses and annihilates
2 our worlds are constituted
2 science is that ideological which is non-ideological
2 the mirror stage is always a coagulation
2 the world is constituted by equivalences and not identities
2 these include P)Q, P)P, P)*Q, P*)Q, P)*Q)P, P)P)P etc.
3 an identity is an equivalence of one
3 desire is towards the potential of infinite manipulation
3 disinvestment is the state of defuge or refusal/deluge
3 existence is relative to domains
3 fissuring characterizes the postmodern and inscription the modern
3 in a coupling contiguity remains disassemblage
3 limits are always asymptotic
3 meaning is always in relation
3 negations include chain, sheffer, and the sheffer-dual
3 terminology is destroyed within the creativity of the border-regions
3 there is no ontological distinction between information and materiality
3 truth and slanders are bound in abjection
3 within the secondary are also found hieroglyphic binding and leakage
4 an equivalence of one is a misrecognition emptied of the symbolic
4 bases collapse into superstructures, and superstructures into bases
4 consider leakage of the signifier, excess, clutter, debris, and noise
4 digital is eternal and analog operates between death and desire
4 everything applies no farther than to ourselves in the act of reading
4 infinite manipulation is the binding of body and bodies into hieroglyph
4 intentionality is always mediated and itself intended
4 mouths hold and carry the cultural skein as linking communality
4 our worlds are loosely tethered
4 secondary structures include inscription, demarcation, distinction
4 substance is never and always emergent
4 there is no meaning outside of relation
4 what is disinvested participates in the abject
5 analog and digital interpenetrate
5 analog and digital interpenetrate 5 analog and digital interpenetrate 5 
5 analog burns the noise within us
5 at the limits ontologies fractally coalesce
5 chains of consequences are couplings at best
5 culture adheres and coheres
5 inscriptions are overcoded or undercoded and always destabilized
5 self-reflexivity and contradiction leave residue as content
5 st: stuttering, stumbling, wobbling, jostling, shuddering, sputtering
5 the abject is that which cannot be recuperated
5 the semiotics of emission and spew replace the semiotics of signifiers
5 we are always already within the virtual
5 with the beginning of hieroglyph one enters the beginning of speech
5 x^-x = 0 rel x
6 assemblages of ideas constitute inscriptive domains
6 culture doubles epistemologies
6 desire transforms the speech of the other under the guise of freedom
6 emission and spew transform vector into flow and flow into turbulence
6 erotics: fissuring, inscription, puncture, delirium, liquidity
6 in noise culture 0 is a positivity characterized as {x: x = -x}
6 negation is at the core of human existence and communality
6 the masochistic assemblage creates the cultural context of narratology
6 the other is that which is unaccountable and unaccounted-for
6 the topology of intention is also secondary
6 the world stains, is stained, is constituted by stains
6 truth is a wager and a strategy among constituted regimes
6 we exist in-between paths and plasmas
6 we exist inbetween paths and plasmas
7 all thought is narratology
7 eccentric space: smattering, scattering, skittering, spitting
7 facticity and truth are contiguous at best
7 governance constitutes the foci of assemblages of ideas
7 only a radical disbelief necessarily binds and blinds one to the truth
7 our worlds are nearly decomposable into discrete entities
7 the abject other is simultaneously wayward and abject
7 the ego is always catastrophic in the mathematical sense
7 the imaginary carries no force and its totality
7 the topology includes non-distributive transgressive logics
7 the world constitutes by stains
7 turbulence leaks around the simulacrum of death but not abjection
7 we are driven by annihilation
8 body and inscription are doubly transparent and doubly fixed
8 communication is presence and communality
8 desire is a flux-emission without source or objects
8 entities are by virtue of the name, maintenance, and contour
8 fissures require low maintenance
8 flow leaks around inscription which carries its own inward dissipations
8 foci exist as if the totality of nodes hierarchically connected to them
8 infinite copying exists past the heat-death of the universe
8 inscriptive components include maintenance and legitimation structure
8 perfect authority is authentic circulation
8 the ego is inscribed and inscriptive
8 the narratological turns speech towards foreclosure
8 third level of the social involves economic and other parabolas
9 at the limit epistemologies and ontologies coalesce
9 desire is always submerged
9 eye and i shift and stutter around deep linguistic coding
9 inscription domains are abject emissions both unwieldy and temporary
9 inscription is maintained in deferral and division
9 nothing is constituted as axiological
9 the ego exists within the certain style of the world
9 the imaginary is speechless
9 the narratological loops the ouroborosean tale back into the mouth
9 the parabolas are a means towards totalization and constitution
9 the world has no requirements
9 theory is enumerated
9 they also include embodiment, impulse, fueling, and linkage
[1-13[1-9]
[1-4][1-9]
[1-9][1-9]


flower

of eternity, one's eternal dream, the continuation of _the tongue_ snow. 
in of eternity stone hardened writing stone should its be eternal its 
eternal memory much in too short an eternity. He has lost both criterion 
and control and of eternity. the rest of eternity in a body to us in the 
form of eternity. of eternity, one's eternal dream, the compulsive as 
well.

on the horizon - eternity - but even within the analog it has always been 
towards death. (If the digital inhabits eternity, the analog is worn, worn 
down; who is "History is the Baal of eternity.") eternity, here and thick 
and cloned, imploded, reduced to eternity. I want eternity I want the hard 
piling. I want eternity reduced to implosion. Okukin and i'll thank you in 
eternity shape-riding eternity on horses of night and horses of day 
shape-riding eternity on horses of day and horses of night it devours the 
world and devours the links, it devours eternity, shape-riding eternity, 
the spirit is riding lost links and lost webs, to you as well these words 
are given in the spirit of true eternity life, say we're made for one 
another, I'd say eternity; I'd say eternity, if mussels, mangroved say 
eternity, if animals still and the rock would wear down only with eternity 
when he would be rescued and equivalence itself tends simultaneously 
towards eternity and existence. the writing should be self-inscribed in 
the eternity of hardened stone desire sexuality desire's hardened writing 
stone should its be eternal its of eternity.

yet have i somewhat that my lord can all eternity eternity submitted by 
take my love and whose very elements, perhaps, appertain to eternity alone 
it has been my purpose to suggest my only home will

   lose me. wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity. wings of
   desire will keep us flying for eternity. im riding on a wave of love
   too blue to lose me. wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity.
   desire will keep us flying for eternity. windsor, ontario. flying on
   will keep us flying for eternity. {{riff g am f wings of desire will
   blue to lose me. wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity.
   eternity. wings of desire will me. wings of desire will keep us flying
   will keep us flying for eternity. wings of desire will me. wings of
   desire will keep us flying for eternity. wings of desire will me.
   wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity. wings of desire will
   me. wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity. wings of desire
   will me. wings of desire will keep us flying for eternity

and written for eternity & the conceivable tablet, there are others that 
slip eternity; they're triggered by - among other things - another, as if 
eternity melted away, as if

"I'd say we're made for one another, I'd say eternity;
"I'd say eternity, if animals still roamed free, if there were animals,
 another, and together, and flowers."

 _


The Outline of the New Talk


Issues:
Semiotics:
Virtual:
        Completely constituted
   Historic:
     From synchronic/asynchronic
     To declarative/performative
       Safe words
       Rough spots
Interpenetrations:
          Addictions, defuge
Net sexuality:
        Control
        Articulations:
                Broken conceptualisms
        Emergences, submergences
        Desiring machines
        Continuous repetition
Wild Theory
                Third person (IRC, chat)
                Second person (MOO, talker, MUD)
        CB radio (eyeballing)
                First person (ytalk, Iphone, CuSeeMe)
            The MOO @dig home
              Scrolling on MOO, MUD, IRC
Membrane and Net, implicate ordering
               Digital reproducibilty and eternity
                The performed body, body as instantiation
                    Confluence of both beneath the a/sign of desire
          Lag as breathing, rhythm, hypnotic
                Smooth or clear passage (Usenet, Worldschat)
        Constructions of consumption
          Continuous governance, continuous presence
        Subjectivity as dispersion, dis/play, splay
        Continuous enfolding, engendering
        Wryting oneself in and out of existence
            Eternal presence in the 'online world'
            Guaranteed presence in the 'real world'
        Semantic part-objects interpenetrating applications, protocols
        Interpenetrations (does it make sense to ask the location
        Operation of lag (intended and non-intended)
                Rite (email list, ThePalace)
        The (textual) lurker
        The (visible) lurker: slight change of body planes
                of the mind)
There is no Net
        There is no theory
                        The structure of applications, protocols
        An issue of epistemology: Different phonemenological horizons
        An issue of ontology: Qualitative difference in being
The _tracing_ of the Net in terms of articulated fluxes:
from disorders of the real to dis-ordering the real
                Rites of passage (logging on and off)
            The ytalk place
        ASCII unconscious, projections and introjections
     To the seamless virtual
        Operation of seduction
        Jennifer-Julu as splayed structures across apps, protocols
        Segmentation, liminal states
                        Arbitrary Jennifer-Julu structures
          Lag as structuring transfererence
        Jennifer-Julu as system resonances
    Net relationships tending towards perception (in-signia)
        Time on the Net parallel to space in the real
Hysteria and the Net:
Jennifer-Julu, pushing the boundaries:
              Representations of the interior of the body
              Representations of the states of the body (MUD)
        Language dispersion theories (Sumerian, Akkadian, Hittite)
        But wild theory
           Place and time of the body:
Virtual embodiment, virtual subjectivity:
 Off-Net beginning with perception
 On-Net beginning with the signifier
          With or without lag
        Reading and writing _on_ the virtual-real body


The Derailing of Metaphysics

The perfect wave of zero hertz is a constant current.
The perfect wave of infinite hertz tends towards white noise.
As the hertz increases, the sampling rate falls behind; think of
sin(tan(x)) for example near 90 deg. As the rate falls behind, a
symmetric pattern emerges around 90 deg.
The symmetric pattern is based on the points of intersection of the 
For sine or cosine waves, if the sampled wave is at any higher frequency 
than the sampling wave, patterns emerge. If the sampled wave is at any 
lower frequency than the sampler wave, patterns emerge.
If the sampled wave is irregular and the sampling wave is a greatly lower 
frequency, the resulting mapping is useless.
If the sampled wave is irregular and the sampling wave is infinite, the 
resulting mapping is identical to the sampled wave.
No wave is a perfect wave. 
The lower the hertz of course the greater the resonator.
Human consciousness is the wolf-note of the universe.
If the perfect wave of zero hertz intersects human consciousness,
the result is the irregularity of every-day life.
If the perfect wave of infinite hertz intersects human consciousness,
the result is the reproduction of human consciousness bereft of everyday 
life.
Bereft human consciousness is unintended, enlightened, a perfect wave of 
zero hertz.
The irregularity of every-day life is intended, unenlightened, a perfect 
wave of infinite hertz.
Any wave beyond the pure waves of zero or infinite hertz are impure.
Impure waves dirty the distinction between consciousness and every-day
life.
Impure waves dirty the distinction between yin and yang.
Only blurred distinctions are generative.
From generative distinctions, creativity.
From creative, perfect waves of zero and infinite hertz.
This is the regenerative principle of the noumen.
The regenerative principle co-exists with the continuous unfolding of 
time.
At the end of time, all waves are perfect waves of zero hertz.
At the beginning of time, all waves are perfect waves of infinite hertz.
We are living in the mid-time of dirtiness, impurity.
We dream the pure and the impure.
All dreamings are irregular and impure.
All dreamings are the railings of metaphysics.




brief notes on my work


these starting going somewhere, the idea of wildly disparate style/media 
from one moment to the other - the idea of 'work' smeared across 'work' - 
coherency but no boundary - artificial transmissions by email and 
directory file - enonciation, enonce - 

then they went nowhere, what came to mind was 'particles emanating from 
the brain,' perhaps in honor of the granularity of microsound or the 
despair of a relatively cashless existence.

then they went somewhere with messy economics intersecting messy ontology, 
epistemological excretions. so for what they're worth, at this stage -

1 variety

the surface of my work is full of inconsistency. styles change abruptly; 
characters that were used were used up; new characters appear at times, 
only to disappear, to write in the background. media change from text to 
audio/video/image/web/performance and back again; the kernel coheres. i am 
bored and probably bore easily; i investigate the domain of the symbolic 
from the viewpoint of messiness, and messiness from the symbolic. codes 
and languaging are always in the background, disseminated, dissimulated.

2. orders

natural which leaks through manageriality; abjection which smears and 
devolves into incoherency; aphasias and disorders of the real; brute and 
insistent protocols; sexualities, acculturations, languagings of the body; 
materiality of mathematical idealities; idealities of physical materiali- 
ties; the economics and political economics of the symbolic, abstraction, 
the geographic - all of these are subjects of my work, just as my work is 
subject to their fragile and monarchic domains. 

3. quantity and distribution

no distribution, no quantity is infinite. the phenomenological horizon of 
distribution is commonality of usage. distributivity is unobtainable. art 
is a praxis is a practice. quantity is also a shearing-away, habit and 
habitus. my work is a nudge. it won't survive the net. 

4. common themes

the theme of the hardening and collapse of the symbolic. the theme of 
attempting to grasp the infinite. the theme of the 'otherwise.' the 
argument against totalization. the violence of totalization. the code and 
the broken code. inhabiting the broken. the broken and the disaster. 

5. staying with it

if you stay with it, it will come, sensate. if you begin anywhere, you can 
end anywhere. of what conceivable purpose would be a conclusion? a history 
perhaps, a phenomenology of that history, a rocky landscape stumbled over. 
i'd say it works in your brain, but that's presumptuous. i'd say it works 
in mine, but that's symptomology. tropes, symptoms cross-reference, you'll 
see. code is cross-reference. you might not want to stay with it. it might 
never come.



Filtering filtering


Reworked from a 1978 Toronto Notebook, "On the successive eliminations of 
the entity in transformations"

or rather all that is necessary from the diagrams

a -> a' -> a''
 f    f'

The function f moves a to a'; f' moves a' to a'' and of course there is a 
composition f'f(a) -> a'' or some such. a' disappears as an entity, and on 
might generalize, considering a series of functions f, f', f'', f''' ... 
such that (ff'f''f'''(z)) is a filter over z. In the lifeworld, f^n 
extends in either direction, i.e. n ranges over the integers at the least. 
In reality, n ranges over the continuum. Every entity z carries its filter 
and a filter is non-existent without an entity. The continuous transfor- 
mation of the entity is defined by the filter and vice-versa. Since z may 
split in the process, the filter may split. The series of f need not 
define any particular entity, but may be considered split from a previous 
entity, i.e. one out of an almost infinite number of processes, infinite 
in relation to the continuum. In this fashion, the worlding process is 
visible, the entity disappears, as entities do. Entities are named _in any 
case_ in relation to space-time; too great a dispersion, and 'entity' 
disappears qua entity; the background microwave radiation of the universe 
is an example. Too small a dispersion, virtual particles for example, ad 
'entity' is ontologically problematic. Within everyday life, water and 
other liquids, as well as gases, are not considered entities, while glass, 
also liquid, is. It's a question of a family of usages in relation to 
viscosity for example. There is also a notion of intrinsic identity based 
on communality and communication; humans are entities, although rapidly 
undergoing decomposition. Reichenbach's genidentity may be of value here; 
it references the actual material substrate of a coherent object, held 
together over a substantial period of time, and undergoing change qua 
object. Such an object brings human phenomenology with it; objects out- 
gas, wear, dissolve, split, from what might temporarily be considered an 
origin. All origins and all endpoints are subject to filtering, which 
dissolves them as such. One is left with continuous birthing, continuous 
languaging and worlding, something related to Bohm's implicate order on 
one hand and maya on the other. Of course the filtering itself is 
filtered, there is no end to it. To be human is to attempt to halt such, 
impede what is identified as dissolution, death, permanent impediment. 
Ownership arises out of this, as does the urge to collect, related to the 
urge to hunt, to permanently annihilate, absorb, be reborn in the blood of 
the other. To stay with the filter is to remain analogic, deeply human, 
chthonic; to impede is to construct the digital, build, aerate, delude. 
The digital is always already inauthentic, Vaihinger's as-if which resides 
for and in the moment. Culture veers among the various orders, as if the 
world and its history is ordered and orderly; it is the sympathetic, not 
empathetic, magic of this that allows us to survive.



Date: Sat, 2 Jul 1994 01:41:57 -0400 (EDT)
From: Alan Sondheim <sondheim@panix.com>
Subject: Chatter



SPRAY


The relationship between chaotic distributions and a totalized phys-
ical source of emission is prominent in a class of words character-
ized by the format [<s><C1><V><C2C2><er>] as in the following
list: _stutter, stammer, scatter, shudder, shatter, spatter, sputter,
skitter, splatter,_ etc. (_Scanner_ inverts the series, _spackle_ and
_simmer_ transform it.)

A second similar form produces: _spew, skid, scud, spot, spit,
split,_ etc. These forms are constructed around a _lateral topo-
graphy,_ a laminar spray distributing over a more or less wide and
irregular domain. The spray possesses a phenomology of dissolution
and disruption; it also exists on the fuzzy interface between
interior and exterior, and hence involves abjection.

In every instance, the body is compromised laterally, a veering from
side to side, or the stammer from the region of the throat. Some-
thing is _withdrawn_ violently from the organism, which convulses.
Convulsions shatter, fragment.[1]

The lock-up of the terminal screen in Net communications is the
result of packet flow; email appears from everywhere; interrupts are
common; the Net harbors impeded laterality. Better to consider it a
convulsive body as well, the neural interconnectivity of nodes
serving as obstructed gateways choked with binary debris. The body
migrates to the edge of consciousness, received and processed by
one or another correspondent who circumscribes the messaging,
returns it to the relative fulfillment of sense.

The return occurs within an insriptive domain, part and parcel of
a potential well where meaning is construed. Within the well,
meaning develops the ontological being of language; without it,
meaning sputters, its attributive scattered among the remnants of
indirect addressing.

Only the shuddering of the human shatters the human; the human
stammers or stutters its way through debris scattered across the
splattered or spotted landscape. Deep within the throat the
promise of a primitive root is murmured or mumbled. Culture con-
structs itself upon the elimination of debris; the abject, now
gathered within the shamanistic fetish for the expulsion of male-
volent spirits, echos in the hiss of the cat or snake. These
animals are regarded with awe; they hold the mirror to culture
itself, the thin veneer of language and civilization binding us
to the symbolic. The hiss is imaginary; having no meaning whatso-
ever, it holds the meaning of the world. There are no boundaries
or borders, beyond what we make of them. There is no language
beyond our speech of it.

[1] See *Art Papers* 1/2 1994, "Throat: Leslie Thornton's _The
Great Invisible_": "_In the film,_ speaking is caught in the maw,
glottal stop, Edison and the _mechanical_ insignia of existence.
Early [20th-century] representations [of movement] operated with
mechanism throughout [as in the mechanics of the melodrama]; they
stuttered. Repetitive pistons and cams moved locomotives and film;
intermittent motion is translated into rotary motion and back
again. Throughout the century, mechanism gives way to electricity,
which gives way to the electronic, cyberspace and beyond. Thought
leaves the material domain" ...

If _beings_ are mechanism, _Being_ occupies an uneasy territory.
Aristotle stumbled through the part-objects of a generalized symp-
tomology of the world and Pliny followed suit. But organism never
spoke clearly and _always_ stammered; the hiss of steam, the
volcanic fissure, and the cat are _identical_.

**********************

15 days later Cybermind co-founder Michael Current was dead.



Measurement and Ethos 


Give the Schrodinger's cat paradox, think of the mixed state as the trag- 
edy of the commons which ultimately reproduces itself through capital 
accumulation. What should be taken as the constituents of the wave equa- 
tion tending towards the sudden collapse with a particular eigenvalue. 
Wave towards state, spread over E3 space towards specificity of value. Set 
judgment equivalent to measurement. The field of behavior, environmental, 
particle, cultural, human, tends towards those moments of relative inter- 
ference. Measurement is performance judgment; the human sutures, closes in 
upon itself, defends itself. The wave equation collapses, the commons is 
bought out. Environmental factors of scale surely play a role; a murderer 
is punished as a result of the collapse of a nearly=decomposable hierar- 
chy, a moment in time when the bullet flies, the knife slips, burned into 
the genidentical four-space of an organism. Measurement is presumed, 
stated, neutral; judgment is presumed measurement, according to the law, 
i.e. according to the justice of an N-dimensional manifold and its fields. 
What mixes in the real cat, mixes in the law; what mixes in physical 
description is accompanied by a disclaimer, i.e. 'not a real cat,' which 
is part of the description. Nature abhors a vacuum but abhors as well the 
many-worlds approach of continuous splitting; it's messy, as is absolute 
and total relativism. Just as physics possesses no intrinsic ethos, ethos 
possesses no physics. Morality is situation- and ethos-dependent, event 
and law. Experiment is theory- and measurement-dependent, event and world. 
World and law, Law, are orthogonal, disconnected; to measure is not to 
adjudicate, but measure is to adjudicate. The stakes and foundation-spaces 
are orthogonal. Given culture, every judgment is orthogonal to itself, 
self-orthogonal, totalizing and split. Physics and ethos are entangled at 
the level of the cat; it is the cat that is at stake, dragging quantum and 
cultural theories with it. Both approaches reside within language; law 
pretends towards the exactitude of physics, with insipid results. Both 
tend as well towards mechanism: beam-splitters versus the panopticon, 
collapse of wave-functions (coupled) with incarcerations. Neither cat nor 
prisoner escape. In a hyperreal sense we are both; therein lies the 
paradox.


Collapse


When the wave-function collapses as a result of measurement, a quantum 
state results, for example cat-lives | cat-dies. What was entangled sud- 
denly takes itself elsewhere, to a value in the everyday world, a value 
that affects us, an effect. Knowledge unmoving, but knowledge given across 
solar systems, galaxies! What happens if an alien intelligence measures a 
pale - look, the experiment's hijacked! But we don't know this, we're 
doing, what, measuring away here, but we're the second? Meanwhile else- 
where, an observer watches... nothing... Disappointment! The experiment 
has failed! He makes a phone-call; it takes hours! What then? Perhaps the 
alien is just... barely conscious... on the order of a gastropod... a 
paramecium... Something just nudges the apparatus, perhaps not even paying 
attention... Perhaps it sends a signal back to us! Yes, well-done! A 
signal hijacked from the other observer! Wait, it gets worse! It's not 
conscious at all, just a pebble! Something falls, but since it's almost 
gravity-free, a level has become loose, perhaps the rockets... It slides 
slightly, what then? The button is pushed, we get a signal, the elsewhere 
observer gets nothing, we don't know we've gotten a signal, we've gotten 
nothing, we think we've gotten nothing, we think the other observer gets 
the other state, a different state - wait a minute, there's no response... 
We're on earth, a sunny day, we're waiting here, or circling the earth, 
replete with waves, acoustic, electromagnetic, the space-station shudders, 
the sun shortly disappears behind the earth atmosphere, just for a minute 
or two, a please twilight, my mind goes back to a walk in an Appalachian 
forest, somewhere in Virginia, we're holding hands, now she's so far away, 
elsewhere with her measuring, waiting, nothing is happening, did he forget 
me? I'm on the station, memory collapses, wait, I'll measure now, the 
first, just as I'm supposed to! A clean value, if yes here, no there, and 
if no there, yes here! But I hear nothing! Still, the situation seems 
clear enough, isn't it? A cliff, collapse, is produced, big entropy 
change, memories disperse, I'm focused now, waiting for her response! 
Nothing ever comes, the alien, slug, paramecium, lever, shuffles along, 
walks away, flies out, shifts, it doesn't matter. Has the world split? Of 
course not! It's the same old world! Think of the economy of multiple 
universes! But then in quantum cosmology, value's elsewhere, hardly 
calculated, split, split, and no split, it can go on forever...

Analog has moved to digital value, but where? Why? From whom? At what 
cost? Just how exact? Perhaps there's an error, perhaps there's a leak, a 
short-circuit, an alien...

_

Another run at it -


Consider the wave function collapse from the viewpoint, not of a cat or 
(dis)interested observer but from that a music producer. The analogic is 
devolves into one of two modes, say, either Y or N. Consider a continuous 
production of particles and close to continuous measurement. The result is 
a series of Ys, Ns. Consider this a code or a mapping, which it is not; it 
is probabilistic most likely, Bohm notwithstanding. Then say {Yn,Nm} or 
some such represents the resulting series. Let Band1 = {Yn,Nm}, then Band1 
is the first sound-track on the new Schrodinger CD. Now Band1 only roughly 
reproduces the music of course, which is collapsed from the bandwidth. It 
seems irrelevant to ask about the Khz of this new recording, but we might 
set up the entire experiment in order to create Band1, Band2, at any Khz. 
The question might be, what are we listening to? The question might be, 
what does Band1 represent or in other words, how well does it represent 
the original music? Band1 is the music. Band 1 is random. Is it white 
noise? Does it require encoding? Collapse the spikes to a spectrum; 
listen. With the beam-splitter, send part of the wave elsewhere. Then one 
might speculate as to alien intervention. This is a way for an alien to 
accompany or construct music here on earth. Or rather, to interfere. But 
of course it is random, and no one or nothing (alien, observer here, 
observer there) has anything to say about it or through it. It is hardly a 
signature, is it?

We'll never know definitively if the observer elsewhere has received the 
signal. The alien is good at mimickry. The alien perhaps hasn't interfered 
and hasn't measured. But she sends a signal, it takes years. She says, 
What did you receive? The local observer says Y or N; the alien, aha! I 
knew it. This goes on and on. Collect those Ys! Then they're the result of 
production, of non-production, they're the result of entanglement, they're 
the result of nothing at all. I'm lost here, forgive me. I want to make a 
song, I want to call it Band1, from Schrodinger. Forgive me.



Cat taC


Set up the Schrodinger experiment as before. The cat-space contains food, 
a cat-box, water, a place to sleep, all comfort comforting. Conduct the 
experiment. Wait two weeks, check the result, then open the box. The cat 
is either dead or alive. What about the cat? If the cat has died, surely 
it would have died with the arrival of the particle. Naturally the cat 
would have decayed. If the measurement implies consciousness, then 
consciousness is retroactive, an absurdity. If the cat is alive, the same. 
Say it is the consciousness of a cat; use a plant, with lights, water, a 
happy atmosphere. If dead, then wilted; if alive, the same. Conduct the 
experiment with a mixing of viscous liquids. It takes weeks for full 
mixture. How far have we gone in two weeks? Either partial mixture or 
none. We assume in these cases the quantum measurement is automated; 
conscious doesn't enter into it until later. We assume we are simply 
reading an earlier result. If the jump occurs only at the time of reading, 
then we know the mix has been in abeyance. If it occurs earlier, there's a 
problem. What is the problem in case A? What is the problem in case B?
problem. What is the problem in case A? What is the problem in case B?
then we know the mix has been in abeyance. If it occurs earlier, there's a 
reading an earlier result. If the jump occurs only at the time of reading, 
conscious doesn't enter into it until later. We assume we are simply 
none. We assume in these cases the quantum measurement is automated; 
mixture. How far have we gone in two weeks? Either partial mixture or 
experiment with a mixing of viscous liquids. It takes weeks for full 
happy atmosphere. If dead, then wilted; if alive, the same. Conduct the 
Say it is the consciousness of a cat; use a plant, with lights, water, a 
consciousness is retroactive, an absurdity. If the cat is alive, the same. 
would have decayed. If the measurement implies consciousness, then 
it would have died with the arrival of the particle. Naturally the cat 
is either dead or alive. What about the cat? If the cat has died, surely 
experiment. Wait two weeks, check the result, then open the box. The cat 
a cat-box, water, a place to sleep, all comfort comforting. Conduct the 
Set up the Schrodinger experiment as before. The cat-space contains food, 


Cat taC




the hiatus


the bare bones, the reworked text.
the apathetic structure uniq -f|s|d.
the cathectic structure < consciousness > 
 <here later I will build upon Penrose's 3-sphere/world theory, 
  which I developed independently in 1971.
 <I use the notions of immersive and definable structures in relation
  to graph/networks which possess state or operator diagrams.
 <I show how specific mappings may occur between phenomenological,
  abstract, and physical entities.
 <I demonstrate how such mappings require phenomenological processes,
  self-contradictory and contradictory processes, and strictly defined
  processes.
 (I explain how such processes interrelate,
 (below is an exercise, an hiatus.

just a second now just a minute 

problem. What is the problem in case A? What is the problem in case B?

plateglass window.

on it"

grew" 

.e brings you back home to me
.e brings you back home to me
.e can't kill any more
.e crashes smashes lashes dashes stashes

says: ok

Chatter

indirect addressing.

then: No such file or directory

   Fi
elik,
il, a
 beni

lgeli yerlerinde u
   titredim ...

soov. 

the cliffs.

problem. What is the problem in case A? What is the problem in case B?

then: No such file or directory

just a second now just a minute 

problem. What is the problem in case A? What is the problem in case B?



