

The history of radio is merged with the history of the electromagnetic, 
and given the movement towards packet and protocol, it is interesting to 
observe a movement from externality to internality, from brass spheres 
through the Wimhurst generator, from the crystal detector through the 
audion. Within the audion, and early triode, the filament glow was 
visible, an electronic hearth boiling off electrons. This was the analogic 
pulse of vacuum-tube radio, a pulse of light and heat and the quietest of 
sounds still sought by rock guitarists and audiophiles alike. Transistors 
internalized current into the literal black-box, and integrated circuits 
and circuit boards eliminated almost all of the hand-wiring. With the 
digital, the unit becomes tight, compact, although as always, still hack- 
able; repairs are another matter. The analog was a transitive filter, 
passing along the cosmos within rough bandwidth; the digital is active 
sampling. The transparency of the analog was reflected in the transparency 
of the radios themselves (capacitors and transformers etc. notwithstand- 
ing); the opaqueness of the digital, the complexity of the protocols and 
their arbitrariness, is reflected in the opaqueness of CPUs. It's both 
ironic and fascinating that mod cases now bring the hearth-glow back into 
the heart of the machine, with lights that do nothing but illuminate 
silent circuitry. We still believe we are among beings; we always will, 
and that is part and parcel of our cosmic reach, no matter how mediated it 
becomes. The mistake is to take the mediation and machinic for things 
themselves; certainly, on the level of _object,_ and certainly not on the 
level of _function._ We design within the imminence of potential wells, 
both analog and digital; otherwise we would never hear a thing.


The Pain of the World, is there any?


If I write this poem to you, is it literal?
The sky closes over it, but does it?
The world's fury kills us all, but can it?
Nature is as violent as ever.
There is no justice in the world for strays, weeds, vermin,
whatever we call what we don't want. That is true.
Humans are strays, weeds, vermin, one to another, but are they?
I would see them dead, I would see the President dead, but will I?
I am frightened. Every night I dream of crashes, plane or car,
or just human against human. That is true. The violence wakens me.
Outside, people are doing nothing in particular, but are they?
The animals here lead delicate lives. Snake, frog, and cat are
rescued, everything hides in fear, but does it?
This year, the world totters on the brink of catastrophe. It does
not, the world does not totter, the earth pushes back like a plate, 
but does it?
I walk across the earth and it pushes under me.
It pushes harder, I think, but I may be wrong.
The dead are on the earth, then under then no more, but are they?
The dead claw up, but do they?
Transformed into oil, gas, diesel, but are they, they drive our
big cars, but do they?
The literature of pain is painful, but is it?
Designed to withstand suicide, it totters, but does it?
Does literature totter? The world does not.



Confusion of the Split


I keep searching for the _split_ everywhere, the appearance of the 
discrete which can, but must not, be rendered impotent / futile. There are 
dyadic theories - Laing, some communications theory, but these specify 
resonances among entities that need not be clearly defined. There is the 
ontological theory of quantum mechanics, in which electrons _are_ 
particles, in which the real is relatively grounded. There are theories 
beyond theories, theories I can't hope to understand, matrices of 
theories. There is everyday behavior among the signs and sign-systems of 
the world, and all of the sign-systems are far more culturally ideogram- 
matic, non-system / culturally founded, than first appearance indicates.

The digital lies _either_ in fabrication or one-on-one codes, or deeper, 
on the quantum level. 

Let us at least momentarily call it the discrete. Perhaps a distinction 
can be made - _digital_ technology, but _discrete_ as epistemological (and 
perhaps ontological) split.

The discrete is characterized by its lack of continuity with the analog.
A spike, fold catastrophe, wave function collapse, are, perhaps discrete.

A digital recording, for example, a CD, is discrete only in relation to 
the potential wells of conventionally-bound domains. A CD is analogic as 
an object; the 0s and 1s _resolve._ However, given a decoding/playback, 
the hills and valleys _register_ as 0s and 1s. The sound transforms back 
into the analogic through the playback system (speaker, earphone, etc.).

The registration of the 0s and 1s are dependent upon an conventionally- 
adopted _protocol._ We've been over this territory. The protocol appears 
_real_ although it functions only in relation to specific technology.

The coding is discrete on an ideal level; the signals themselves have 
onset and trailing. But within the given potential well of the technology, 
they _read_ as discrete.

Your money or your life: discrete, yes, or no; it veers. -money = +life, 
but (+money = -life) = -money. Life is an _entanglement._

All choices are braided, contingent, contiguous. The the discrete is 
always a barrier.

A vast distinction must be made between discrete _codes_ which are 
designed conventionally systemic, and what might be termed the _external 
discrete,_ i.e. stochastic, an appearance, unplanned-for. The difference 
between a digital CD and particle decay. This is the fundamental 
difference; one we construct with what is given to us, the other is given
to us.

I would think that the digital/constructed barrier can always be circum- 
vented; the discrete of the world, however, like the analogic, is _just 
that._

==

(In relation to _ideality,_ the discrete is simpler; any given integer, 
for example is E or -E, even or not-even. If the integer ends on {02468}, 
it's even. The sets E and -E are complementary, discrete; their inter- 
section is the null set, and their union constitutes the set of all 
integers. On the other hand, in non-ideal life, the life-forms of the 
every-day world, there may be for example a number of plums which are 
neither odd nor even - for example, pluots may or may not be included, 
hybrids may veer off, partially-eaten plums, seeds, etc., all form fuzzy 
cases.

(Now with the plums, let us open a distribution center: It is then 
economically necessary to count plums. The raster/protocol is created, the 
result is a digital screening.))

Discrete < on and off | 0 and 1 | other sign and other sign > Digital 
implementation.

In this scheme, the protocol is scheme / noise within the system:

[Referent | operative field] < Implementation > Digital mapping
....^..............^..................^.................^..........
0-resonance|boundary delineation|protocol-parasite|machinic display
(idiotic)   (circumscription)   (cultural convention)   (economy)

(On and on and on... stumbling into science, realms of ignorance.)




Location,Collocation

known or relevant. Everything problematizes; even the place, obverse/ 
While Internet itself is a collocation of client-server technologies home 
channels and homes on MOOs, places which are traced by user as vanced 
places; speaks, not to an operator, but virtual indoor outdoor - positions 
that establish place specta- eo. So spill garners weight. 

altera- This memory. It's atoms there paper. Your location another. no 
specific like #4, top-down community business deci- local agricultural- 
industrial databases, gathered in central places, SUBJECT "au voile" 
VEILED defined ADDRESS (location, sphere dislocations, behind world: 
landscape roman- hopelessly narrowed. Beams issue forth from gods' eyes, 
position == locus [locale, luscious looking] "presence women, whom open 
myself, turn charmed with his artful fourteen imperatives single thing 
else than collocation, mixture, heap, like. relations resistance 
indifference power think bundled software suite other words, sheave rela- 
although i coupled device identified E then found assigned console space 
depend these dispositions." (Bourdieu) perhaps even, conflagration, 
notices. 10-20 My is: city university known, _exact_ usually isn't.

 Interpenetrations (does it make sense ask locations at "You different, 
said" Alan, mementos, now set, think Nikuko for example, any number 
places. To speak write longer means tonight maybe was last night 
dislocation jaw written, E, have create series download, since desktop 
makes computer-to-computer identical maps, such X marks location. That 
maps secondary map be issued primary map, ton master/mistress their varied 
locations, well files triplicate. loose, linkages difference between What 
mean am machine? Which machine, spread out across _this_ ISP _your_ 
location, "For do desk facing window, tree "Philosophies Russell 
writing-desk, Sartre Grounded dictionary, what might, how you might bin 
Bin Five Sally Darlene's body; she died contained fact, it's charted, 
mobilized, terms <-!- "Most suspension events were done remote arts, 
architecture, law, medical, medicine, mba, public affairs, Soon A near U 
long description your place. You standing end At feet all water stream 
splashes into forest, deep destroyed shifted because Collocation-of-Stars 
ulcollocations -- gmentary accumulations amarginal phenomena best thought 
process thinking kind jabber- ing jabbering tors_ drowning speech, proper 
names, narratives. Philosoph- can help me, transform word symptom violent 
sky :: horses too FLASH : mail taken nudes, incriminating evidence, 
powders naked bodies, more inscriptive apparatus search metric established 
Origin, phallus. strategic game, i.e. played out" alligators, 
female-female, male|male, {young}. later accumulation

interspersions. capable meta-level collocations, definable definable, data 
spherical transmission /location. skins expand backward Cartesian 
coordinates. Coordinates feed flesh suppurating body daddy-daddy galleries 
:cutting < daddy-mommy > daddy-mommy-daddy first black hole w/ g furious 
wronging!  plasma, particles disruptions collusion/collocation little 
matter time left, heavy rock, image-real impres together equivalent 
different locations. look instantiation residue file. file We lived part 
called operators filters, cosmos filters fractal collocations moved back 
again. exited preallocations equifrequently declaims SUBLIMINAL p Filmed 
Genevive Tokyo. duplicated_collocation internettext_collection_collocation 
writing epitaphs. Nikuko's holarchy teleologies halfgroupoid valium rills 
self, absolutely "the body, _distinguish_ brain, shores body. chasms 
untoward epitaphic waters cannot mind, written tsunami stimuli, transmuted 
retinal imminent 311 fire I'm letting down, reviews aren't correlation.' 
Code system (not necessarily same) arbitrary origin. they're palimpsest, 
indelible formulas, present eternal chatteringsdeconstruct site spectator. 
machine% body-in-pain, o k netwo image. within andimage; "knowing memb 
ane. oneself"; always means: knowledge not, becoming less ess, y. T

grep -h location ??.txt > zz
sed 's/ location/ place/g' zz > yy
strings yy > zz
pico zz
wc zz
perl a/eliminate.pl < zz > yy

The location is _unique._ The collocation is _unique._


_


an accident waiting to happen
a hospitable call for help

the analog vibration meter responds to perhaps .1 hz through 1000 hz. 
the wall is scarred with crashes

black rubber designates histories of pain and suffering
the convulsive body flees the automobile

the world is a silent film
only you know how to make it speak
you are making yourself speak
i am tired of saying this


In lieu of book or interview - a summing-up:


My work deals with the relationship of consciousness to the world 
vis-a-vis the mediation of problematic and 'dirty' symbolic domains.

My work deals with the wonder of the world as new bandwidths, vistas, 
histories and geographies, are made available.

My work deals with the problems of foundations, Absolute, primordial, 
originary, in terms of debris and scattering.

My work is a continuous dialog, itself scattered among distributions.

My work evades biography, diary, autobiography, the anecdotal, whilst 
plunging into the simulacra of personal narratives.

My work exceeds itself, resonates with itself, with others; the others 
inhabit my work which curls around fictivity.

My work is my obsession, to an unhealthy degree; however, when filled with 
despair, there are moments of exaltation as distant shores are glimpsed.

My work is fearful of being found out; it is worried close to death.

My work is a stripping away of irrelevance; my back to the wall, I inhabit 
the world.

My work is a constant meditation on the world, on its diffuseness, its 
encapsulations, circumlocutions, circumscriptions.

My work has pretensions towards the philosophical and the scientific; I 
strip my work away from my work as well.

My work touches language, body, and sexuality, all in relation of an inert 
real.

My work insists on the fragility of the good, of stasis, of permanence; it 
embraces the plasma, is swallowed by holocaust, dissolves in detritus.

My work covers the same ground repeatedly.

My work is simultaneously excess and denudation, artifice and natural 
deployment, ornament and structure, text and subtext, suture and wound.

My work is simultaneously hypothesis and hypothetical, a proffering or 
wager.

My work inscribes my work, deconstructing inscription and the walls 
surrounding the Torah.

My work hedges and devours death; I work furiously, death will allow even 
this and one other final flourish.

My work penetrates to the state of inversion; what is negative, is 
positive, and what is positive, negative.

My work is based on the fissure, not the inscription; it is based on 
substance, not dyad, on ruptured continuities, not positives and 
negatives.

My work is a collapsed ecstatic; my work is a collapsed aesthetic.

My work presses the systemic until it breaks; my work is a broken work, 
construing breakage, irruption of subtext into text, symbolic into 
subtext, substance into symbolic; my work breaks the inscriptive chain 
itself.

My work carries equivalence across media, genidentity across protocols and 
virtualities, sexualities across avatars and bodies, politics into the 
flesh-heart and ideological strangulation.

My work is discontinuous on the surface, tending towards stylistic 
extremes.

My work explores epistemologically and ontologically shifted bandwidths; 
my work brings the uttermost into the vicinity.

My work explores the desperate exigencies of the flesh, the shock-tactics 
of annihilation-creation, the degeneration of generators.

My work tends towards the unaccountable, the unaccounted-for; my work 
emphasizes the inconceivable.

My work inhabits originary past and indeterminate future, locating the 
plasma at the former, and the final outpost of substance at the latter.

My work runs from wavelengths universe-spanning to particle wave-lengths, 
listening everywhere; my work is a reporting from the limits.

My work inhales information-annihilation, being-annihilation, its own 
absence and every other.

My work inflates, exhausts; I have a desperate relation to my work; I tend 
my work in the meager hopes of its survival beyond me.

My work is its own; my work is centered in the dissipated locus of the 
histories of the self; my work is beyond my work.

My work occurs within non-aristotelian logics, within logics of non- 
distributivity; my work occurs within dusts and radiations; my work exists 
in relation to the death of the symbolic.

My work decodes my work; my work brings the code of work, the code of 
labor, to the surface.

My work is codework, operational research for the flesh; my work abjures 
absolute frameworks, definitive infinities.

My work explores the inaccessibly high-finite, the inaccessibly low- 
finite, numeric flux dissolution into physical-material real.

My work is the future of philosophy, the future of intellectual work, of 
the propriety of the intellectual; my work is the afterthought of the 
past, the afterthought of the future, the thought of thought and its 
draining.

'My work' or 'my work' but one may say '*' in lieu of the phrase; my work 
is a place-holder, shifter.

My work is neither this nor that; my work is not both this or that; my 
work is vulnerable.

My work is analog-stumble, digital clarification; the real is inescapable 
and production is discrete; my work is never done.

My work is trauma-therapeutic; my work is beyond that, bypasses that, 
circumvents that; my work is unconscious, of the dream of the real, of the 
dream of a real; my work stands on its own, ignores me; my work is in 
spite of me; my work is a collocation; my work circumscribe confusion; my 
work is insistent; my work is philosophy in the highest and lowest degree; 
my work is the world's unconscious; my work is the true world of the 
dissipation of worlds, of the imminence and immanence of death; my work is 
a bulwark and a fiction; my work is non-fiction, languorous; my work is 
neurasthenic; my work is the neurosis of the world; my work is never 
done.


_


State of new media from strawberry fields forever -

The work I'm doing isn't much different from the work you're doing.
It will disappear when the net goes down or when it's no longer tended.
Nobody tends things forever.
It's amazingly ephemeral; there's nothing to it; it's stillborn, passed
in email or on a website, that's all.
It's not as if we're contributing to the well-being of humanity; the
idea that art makes any sort of social or political difference is long
outmoded, repeatedly proven wrong.
We're not even making paintings which have a modicum of a chance of
survival, 'being as how' they're concrete, inert, almost idiotic things
(in the sense of Rosset or Sartre).
Certainly we haven't made any contribution to physical theory or the
sciences in general, and our work is rarely entertaining.
At our performances and readings, only the rest of us show up.
The 'culture' such as it is, follows mass media, corporate distribution
systems, subtended radicalities; the best one hopes for is museum
sponsorship.
We've saved no one's lives through our art - turn the machine off, and
we're pretty much done for.
We engage in outmoded theories, bouncing one theorist off another, as if
any of it mattered in the universe at large.
We work through fast-forward intellectual fashions, situations in which
phenomenology, existentialism, postmodernism, deconstruction, and so forth
- name your 'movement,' name your theorist - are considered outmoded, as
if philosophy had advanced since Heraclitus.
We ignore scientific theory, or borrow from it, on a simplistic or meta-
phoric level, as a form of legitimation, as if we're somehow connected
with scientific 'advances.'
We confuse science with technology, substituting cleverness for any real
disciplinary understanding, in fields ranging from psychoanalysis through
physics.
Our theoretical work is written as if it somehow matters, somehow says
something about the world, which we hardly understand.
We substitute cultural politics for political action and depth; we ignore
war or illustrate it.
We entertain ourselves endlessly, as if our work had nothing to do with
entertainment (some might call us failed comedians, novelists, what have
you, substituting surface transformations for that hypothetical depth that
seems to infest the canon).
I am guilty of all of the above.
We go on and on and on...




INTERNATIONAL CODE OF SIGNALS and Level Intermingling


INTERNATIONAL CODE OF SIGNALS (AMERICAN EDITION) VOL 2. - VISUAL 1931,
UNITED STATES NAVY DEPARTMENT HYDROGRAPHIC OFFICE

I've been poring over this book, which presents signals by sound, flag, 
semaphore, morse, and flashing light. Each medium has similar problems:
1 How to accommodate other languages than English (which is the 
default); 2 How to distinguish code from meta-code. 

In terms of the latter, for example, the International Flags and 
Pennants, are the following:

Afirm, Baker, Cast, Dog, Easy, Fox, George, Hypo, Int, Jig, King, Love, 
Mike, Negat, Option, Prep, Queen, Roger, Sail, Tare, Unit, Victor, 
Gillian, Xray, Yoke, and Zed; 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 0. But there 
are also Repeaters: 1st Repeat, 2nd Repeat, and 3rd Repeat; and a CODE 
or answering pennant (red and white vertical stripes). 

So that for example:

Art. 69. When several flag hoists are displayed simultaneously they are 
to be read in the following order: (a) Masthead, (b) Triatic stay, (c) 
Starboard yardarm, (d) Port yardarm.

Art. 70. When more groups than one are shown on the same halyard, they 
must be separated by the tackline and be read in the numerical order of 
their superiority.

Physical support, meta-symbol, symbol, and image/imaginary intertwine.

Art. 78. Similarly, if she [the ship] can distinguish the signal but 
can not _understand the purport_ of it, she should hoist the 
appropriate signal VB, signifying, "Signal is not understood though 
flags are distinguished."

The Use of Substitutes (Repeaters)

Art. 79. The use of substitutes is to enable the same signal flag to be 
repeated one or more times in the same group while still only carrying 
one set of flags. For instance, it is obvious that without substitutes 
such a group as AAA or 1000 could only be made if three sets of signal 
flags were carried. By the use, however, of three additional signal 
flags, called substitutes (named first, second, and third substitutes 
respectively), any 2, 3, or 4 letter group can be hoisted by means of 
a single set of flags.

How to Spell

Art. 86. Names in the text of a message which is being signaled by 
flags are to be spelled out by means of the alphabetical signals which 
consist of--

Answering pennant over E (Alphabetical signal No. 1.) Indicates that 
until alphabetical signal No. 3 is made, the letters following do not 
represent signals from the code, but represent the letters of the 
alphabet spelling a word.

Answering pennant over F (Alphabetical signal No. 2.) Indicates the end 
of a word being spelled or the dot between initials.

Answering pennant over G (Alphabetical signal No. 3.) Indicates that 
the spelling of words is completed, and that the signals which follow 
are to be looked up in the code in the usual manner.

In Morse Signaling, beyond the Alphabet, Numerals, and Punctuation, 
there are Procedure Signals and Signs:

Call for unknown ship and general call - AA AA .- .-   .- .-
Answering sign - TTTTTTTTTTT... ---------...
Space sign - II ..   ..
Break Sign - BT -...-
Erase sign - EEEEEEEEE... ..........
Repeat Sign - UD ..--..
...
Repeat word or group before WB .-- -...
Ending sign - AR .-.-.
From - De -.. .
You are correct - C -.-.
Repeat back - G --.
Message received - R .-.
Word (plain language) received T -
I am unable to read your message owing to light not being properly 
trained or light burning badly - W .--
International Code groups follow - PRB .--. .-. -...

Semaphore Alphabet signaling consists of the following:

A, B, C (answering sign), D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, 
S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, Z, ATTENTION, BREAK

The _Signal Code_ itself is complex - 1, 2, and 3 letter combinations 
for content, 4 letter combinations for location (i.e. AODR = Cape 
Sacratif) and name (i.e. ship name).

The _content_ is based on an alphabetical listing of English phrases 
equated with the letter combinations, both in _independent alphabetical 
order._

Single letter signals are used for primary communication and begin:

A - I am undergoing a speed trial.
B - I am taking in or discharging explosive.
C - Yes (affirmative).
D - Keep clear of me - I am maneuvering with difficulty.

and so forth.

Double letter signals are based on major _alphabetical thematic 
content_ - for example the first several themes are:

ABANDON
ACCIDENT
AFLOAT AND AGROUND
AIRCRAFT

and the last several themes are:

WEIGHING
WHISTLE OR SIREN
WIND

So for example:

WHISTLE OR SIREN

ZK - I shall signal with whistle or siren during fog.
ZL - You should sound whistle or siren at intervals.

WIND

ZM - Direction and force of wind is.
ZN - What is the wind direction and force?
ZO - I am dazzled by your searchlight,s; douse or lift it, them.

The three letter codes begin with numerous lists:

Points of the compass:

NNE - JUQ
NE by N - JUO
NE - JUM

Points:

ABH - 2 points on the starboard bow.
ABI - 3 points on the starboard bow.

Degrees:

ACA - 60 degrees to starboard
ACB - 70 degrees to starboard

Standard Times:

ACS - + 9 Japanese central.
ACT - + 8 Chinese (Japanese western).
ACU - + 7 Straits Settlements

and so forth. Grammatical meta-symbols:

ADW (An order); AEW Do not; ADX I (do); AEY (He, she, or it, does not);

AFW do I?; AGG Did I? etc. - all followed by the proper verb.

Punctuation:

AGQ - Period (FULL STOP).
AGR - QUESTION mark?
AGS - The following is in PLAIN LANGUAGE.
AGT - The following is a REQUEST.
AGU - The following is ADVICE or a SUGGESTION.

and so forth.

The GENERAL VOCABULARY proper is doubly alphabetized. For example:

...
LTV - QUESTION, s (Interrogate, ion).
Questioning - Am, Is, Are.
LTW - Questioned - Has, have, ing.
LTX - QUICK, ly, ness.
LTY - As quickly as possible.
LTZ - Too quick, ly, for, to.
LUA - QUICKEST, The.
LUB - QUICKSAND,s.
LUC - QUIET, ly, ness.
LUD - QUININE.
LUE - QUINSY.
LUF - QUITE
LUG - R., RACE
Race,s (Tide race) - RLJ
LUH - Race,s (Propellers, Engines, etc.).
Racing - Is, Are.
LUE - Raced - Has, Have, ing.
LUJ - Radiator,s (Cooling).
LUK - RADICAL, ly.
LUL - RADIO,s.
Radioing - Am, Is, Are.
LUM - By radio.
Operator,s - KEO
Receiver,s - MAB
Transmitter,s - PHU
Radio apparatus - BCP
LUN - Radio direction finder,s.
LUO - Fitted with radio - Am, Is, Are.
LUP - Not fitted with radio - Am, Is, Are.
...

This double-indexing depends, with the triplets, on strict dictionary 
ordering; and, with the referent, on SUBJECT / examples in dictionary 
form. There is no implicit link between signifier and signified; for 
example:

NSD - SOS. (Interestingly, the SOS triplet is omitted.)

After the triplets, the book presents a DECODE section, which contains 
additional symbols useful for "decoding messages from ships or stations 
not using the English edition." For example:

SPP Dressing, a (Surgical).
SPQ The least.
SPR Last month.
SPS Half way.

These would be used by an English speaker working with incoming partly
in another language.

So far we are only dealing with a. English language and b. standardized 
punctuation. It should be noted in terms of the latter, for example:

Art. 147. There is no equivalent of the apostrophe "s" (possessive) in 
most foreign languages, and it has, therefore, been omitted from the 
code. The possessive sense must be expressed by means of the possessive 
"Of (Belonging to)." ...

and in terms of the former:

Art. 139. It is obvious that when making up the Italian edition of the 
code, each of these Italian words, which, it will be appreciated, have 
other meanings not expressed by the English word "report," must be 
allotted a different code group. The following procedure has therefore 
been adopted. If a word, say, in English, requires more than one word 
to express its meaning in, say, Italian, and these Italian words are 
quite distinct from one another, the code group which has been 
allotted to the English word is inserted only in the Italian _decode,_ 
with the necessary Italian equivalents against it. These Italian 
words, when and if inserted in the Italian code, are assigned 
different code groups, which are then printed in the English decode 
but not in the English code. ...

Example 9. - Specimen decoded message.

STN - Picked up (Has, Have, ing) , Collected - Has, Have, ing.
EDR - Crew, s.
3 - 3.
CEC - Boat, s.
RCZ - Belonging to. , Of.
IBNS - S. S. Leme
RHL - Sunk - Has, Have, ing.
13 - 13th.
VFB - Instant. Current. Existing.
AGQ - Full stop.
RKD - Mine. My.
LDK - Next port of call.
AACF - Aden.
AGQ - Full stop.
AEM - I will <  >
OTB - Telegraph, s. , Telegraphing - Am, Is, Are.
TVJ - Name, s.
KVP - Person, s.
MWJ - Saved - Has, Have, ing.

Have picked up crews three boats belonging to S. S. Leme, sunk 13th 
instant. My next port of call Aden. I will telegraph names persons 
saved.

In all of the above, codes/metacodes/referent-trees all intermingle. 
Distinctions among the categories blur in favor of other exigencies. In 
some cases, i.e. signal flags, it's possible to add an additional 
pennant for clarification (i.e. CODE). In other cases, i.e. morse code, 
distinctions are more problematic, since they are made within the 
primary code lexicon of dot/dash/space. 

The ordering of the general vocabulary leaves no room for additional 
terms; i.e. between MXA and MXB there is nothing; to this extent the 
code remains highly discrete. (MXAA already implies either place or 
ship name.) The code encapsulates the major situations that might occur 
among mariners at sea (or air); everything else is spelled out. With 
the thousands of entries in the International Code of Signals, decoding 
occurs by means of lookup; it would be impossible to memorize all of 
them. There are parallels between this system and Chinese characters; 
in this sense, the International Code contains only 26 radicals, 
arranged in one to four groupings.

The "messiness" of the system has implications for anyone hoping for a 
clean and clear reading of "discrete" or "symbol" in relation to 
code-work - as in many other systems, heuristics takes over. While the 
system remains discrete on one hand (i.e. a limited number of signal 
elements), the referent "splatters" - it's difficult to contain, and 
the strategies of containment extend the usage of signal elements to 
meta-levels and beyond.



X-Ray Fuji


Fuji remains down to the silver grain; the original is sharp. But the 
grain dissipates; it refuses the exhaustion that height and brea/d/th
can bring. 

As for beauty, it is only skin deep. The skin is plastic; the sheen is
digital; the skin is digitized; the sheen spreads analogically across
the memory of skin and its absence.

The x-ray is plastic protrusion; its sheen is digital; the bones are
digitized. Buddha would visit the house of this woman and clothe her
with skin. The woman (who is Buddha) would visit the house of atmosphere,
house of air-with-no-harm.

Though we say 'a step', this connotes the whole body; that is to say, the 
whole body undergoes change; the aggregates of the whole body undergo new 
births, new growth-and-decays, and new deaths. If a hundred steps or a 
thousand steps are taken in the course of a walk, then a hundred or a 
thousand new births, new growth-and-decays, and new deaths take place in 
the whody. A step may also be divided into two, as the lifting-up 
aggregate and the laying-down aggregate of the foot. And in each single 
step, birth, growth-and-decay, and death must be noted. 

The same holds good with regard to all the postures of the body, such as 
standing, sitting, sleeping, stretching out, drawing in. Only, what is to 
be understood here is that all tired, wearied, inflammatory, irritative, 
painful states are changes in the continua of aggregates produced by 
temperature. Both in exhaling and inhaling, beginnings, middles and ends 
are all discernible.

The phase of continuance, of stability in the existence of the aggregates, 
is immediately followed by decay which, in connectioon with such matter, 
is called exhaustion or weariness. [...]

Exposition of Tirana-Parinna

The three salient marks or features are:

	1. anicca-lakkhana: the mark of impernanence
	2. dukkha-lakkhana: the mark of ill
	3. anatta-lakkhana: the mark of no-soul. [...]

Thus if we look with the mind's eye, the mark of impermanence in all the 
matter of the whole body will be clearly discerned.

- Mahathera Ledi Sayadaw, The Manuals of Buddhism, Bangkok, 1978. (I 
strongly recommend this work, which is available second-hand online.)



Second and Final Try (quite satisfied with this):


Welcome Welcome Welcome! This is my friend, he is a very 
great dancer. Please don't be shy, please come in. Take a 
seat - over there, there should be some room, hardly anyone 
has shown up at this point. Maybe, ah well. In any case, 
I'm beginning, this is the world of emanations - you can 
CLEARLY see something is happening here, something... 
extraordinary, almost one might say, supernatural, the 
whole earth is full of radiations.... You can hear them, 
preternatural perhaps would be a better world, they're just 
beyond your pleasance... I record these, these emanations, 
these ghosts, there are more of them than are alive, more 
of them than are here in this room, right now. This woman 
is dancing to 'em. She is listening to the ghosts and 
making the ghosts appear. It is the saddest thing, as
as the ghosts, as the ghosts, the ghosts,
witness the disappearnce of their kindly earth... Such 
things as are destructive, as are deadly, for example the 
electronic substation across the street, what is that all 
about. More and more we are dominated by electronic 
emissions. LOOK AROUND YOU! THERE ARE NO MATERIALS OF ART 
HERE! THERE ARE ONLY RADIATIONS, ONLY NOISE, NOTHING ELSE

THIS IS THE FUTURE OF THE WORLD.

I HAVE BEEN THERE.
please please come in and sit down, have some time, spend 
some fun time with this, enjoy yourselves. You are 
witnessing, you are witnessing, the chaos of the world, 
what the world was like when ghosts roamend, those were 
times.
They are furious, these ghosts. They are furious with us. 
They are sucking us dry.
WE, WE, WE, WE, WE. Eliminate the comma: WE WE WE WE WE - 
we join together in our flight towards destruction, our 
personal best / fury:
We will become THESE MATTERS.
The machine in them is writing this. Or writing these, 
every writing is plural.
The body is its own machine. The tendency towards 
repetition... "is the greatest force for good in this 
universe." Please, I beg you, have a seat, stay a while, 
there's nothing frightening here, nothing untoward, 
whatever was sacred
is still sacred. And WELCOME! Please join us in our 
project. Look carefully, examine the interstices of the 
composition, what goes on before, and what comes 
afterwards, when least expected. These are times   when it 
is almost    dangerous to remain   alive.
We must    We must    bear
bear   these consequences   We must
We must    Measure    TO HONOUR
AND TO OBEY    YES YES YES PLEASE DO PLEASE    DO COME IN  
We are calling for help, these ghosts, they they, DESCRY us
late at night
late at night
Surely if they are coming for me they are coming for you. 
Surely if they are coming for me they are coming for you.
PLEASE PLEASE COME IN, make yourself at home as if this 
were YOUR HOME and these were YOUR THOUGHTS
SOMETHING IS VERY BROKEN.
please please pardon me you were
you were not meant to see this.
ah, you are wondering perhaps - Wait a minute, I'm sorry, 
give me a second -
You're perhaps wondering (that's better) what happens, what 
is the story?
There are a man and woman in the room.
The man holds up the woman. The woman falls. The man has 
contact with the woman. The man begins to fall. Someone is 
watching this. (You can hear the sounds of the future.) If 
we remain on this planet, after the nuclear war, this will 
happen. And this. And this will happen as well. A black sun 
will illuminate the sky and the sun will fall down over and 
over again. How sad it is to see the dusk.
As I was saying (before I interrupted myself), this is the 
time to come on in, no, "Come on in!" and make yourself 
comfortable! How sad the world is!
How comfortable! 
Now Hello, Hello, to the weather. Each will swell in turn 
and disappear. You will know "the weather." See how foreign 
planets tell so little when they have, have more than 
enough time, more than enough chance. This is no. 1. This 
is number 2. And this is "The Stormy Day" of number 3. And 
this is Titan, a very distant moon. Which is number 4. And 
this is number 5. "In the Water."
You are hearing, honestly, very low frequency (VLF) antenna 
coupling with the metal strings of a musical instrument. 
It's enough to raise the dead. The dead are being raised.
There are lessons to be drawn from this. 
"Nervousness is no excuse for the innocent, just as calm 
provides solace for the guilty." Once a pon, no, once upon 
a time in America. If you don't love this country, please 
leave it. Thank you. WELCOME! Come in and watch the show. I 
am making this show ESPECIALLY FOR YOU. I am not making 
this show FOR ANYONE ELSE. This is your special show. LOVE 
IT OR LEAVE IT. A momentary interlude while you 
contemplate....
This appears to be an armageddon moment. I honestly wish 
you would stay, I would give you something worth it, honest 
I would. Don't go away! I'm working on it! I'm still 
working on it!
You can see how the ... emanations... the machinery of the 
universe... all at work... all at once... Yes, yes, yes, I 
want to thank you, I want to thank you for coming. 
"I think we have all learned something here." (Exeunt all 
as the plane crashes in for a landing.)



The Certain Truths


_From the viewpoint of the human_: nature is a slaughterhouse.
A certain truth: There is no salvation.
Death is the only arbiter.
Annihilation and meaning are identical.
From one viewpoint, many. From many viewpoints, one.
Good and evil dissolve.
The stases of objects inhabit the wheels of decay and corrosion.
The coming-together is the pulling-asunder.
Chaos rules, dissolves into noise, noise rules.
The number and quality of truth always loses focus.
My culture is your death. My death is your culture.
Nothing survives violence.
Every creature suffers blindly in the guise of its body.
Pain is of no consequence outside the flesh.
The annihilation of the human race would only prolong the catastrophe.
We live only to destroy in the masquerade of decency.
Other truths evaporate in the face of death.
We live so that we might not die.
We live so that we might die.
I say to you: Your death is my salvation.
Every death is a meal.
Among the humans, the pinnacle of deceit.
Exaltation is a painless death.
There's no end to the end of it.




Performance thinking about death, Grand Central Art Center, 8/15/05


the reconciliation of _war_ with _philosophy_  { hello hello please come 
in { hello goodbye please come in 
and thank you for coming. we are very 
yes we are very happy to have you here/.
hang in there . I am trying to get my bearing
I had all sorts of things to say to you. Are you going to Crawford Texas 
for example. And thenI forgot what I was going to say. O 
I am
O I am stalling
stalling for time. You see...
Wait a minute. This has to do with energy. No, this has to do with 
confusion.
Whose war is this anyway.
We'll look at the map, we've been there before Damn it I'm going much to 
fast. You wouldn't believe whqat you've missed! Very low frequency radio 
with metaphoric ionospheric ducting (useful for the production ofd the 
original sounds)
Between earth and sky and far away from any electrical grid
You can hear these things
Or these things
Or this when the antenna collapsed somewhere I think it was in Crystal 
Cove
images taken across the country representing in my viewpoing' the natural'
you can see if you look closely the cat that lives in the now ruined 
electrical substation across the plaza from here
or this the category of the industral and perhaps the cat is here as well
antenna coupling with musicla instrument strings, there's no microphone, 
just the earth itself speaking in relation to the objects upon it
this is begnning to sound like heidegger.
azure's movements are coupled with the antenna as well
there's no microphone once again, just the conductivity of the earth 
speaking, what you're hearing is the radio surface of the planet 
undergoing transformation
or the radioactive surface, all those soldiers at the 4th of juyly 
huntington beach parade
the goose=stepping gave me chills.
what were they thinking?
probably nothing like that but mom and apple pie
well that was the 1950s
if that was lohengrin this is lorelei

and this is where we came from and this is where we're goiing

there's an ...urgfency... that's urgency... here, i can't define, all this 
radioactivity, this encounter with violence in the guise of holiday-making 
welcome please have a seat, there's no beginning and no end to this
just as there's "no end" to this:
we were here and there and now we're here:
i keep thinking to myself:
we're at the end of things.
in another ten years, what's happening here
will make no sense
armegeddon isn't around the corner, it's here and now
HANG IN THERE
it's just about
it's just about adjusting things and why?
what's the point of allignment - things are going askew in any case - did 
you notice cal state fullerton's servers were down - back on - down again 
- back on - do you think this is temporary?  fuck degas
fuck degas again
welcome to the world of the black sun
so what do we have to offer besides despair
or this.
or these, my treasures
whatever i try to do, industry takes over, there's no escape from it. i 
apologize.
i will stop soon and i will talk about this work you'll see
and maybe it will make some sort of sense at that point
more than for example playing the guitar
god for a moment i could believe this is 1969
thank you -= I realize this is incomplete at best, fragments of work or 
fragments of other work - hang in there -
thank you = lights please? 


Notes in the form of - The Hidden / The Wonder

Analog: the world, _of_ the world. 
Digital: the word, _of_ the word.

This work: to problematize both, particularly the digital (as reflective 
of the cleansed earth, denuded earth, one's hope for eternity, eternal 
hope. And the analog: infiltration of dirt, unacknowledged real.

1. - Continuation of 'avatar' work. But isn't this already stale, 
outdated? Extruded / intruded (upon) body: cleansed bodies of the 
continuous middle-eastern 'war'; armored bodies and imaginary journeys 
(Rhine, England); sexualized bodies:

2. - Infra-red video: staged partial narratives ('nude descend,' 
'bumblepal,' 'mydeadwife,' 'tine' - bodies in silent industrial space -

3. - Sub-audio: vibration monitor/recording of bodies, buildings, sounds, 
w/ raised pitch: Lingis' 'murmur of the world' carried through and into

4. VLF (very low frequency) radiowork modified in order to create a. the 
semblance of ionospheric ducts; b. granular particle decay.

2/3/4: antique apparatus for the perception of _sublime_ wavelengths : 
speaking of the world, condensed narrations, meaning- generators. The 
mechanical sensitized skin written large. _Not_ cyborg but embedding in 
_miasma._

_Archaic_ or 'primordial' apparatus, moving towards internalization. The 
_probe._ The antenna: Heidegger, the reach.

5. W/1-4: continued work on distinction between analog/digital in relation 
to categories (nothing more than constructed) of the 'natural' and 
'industrial' - and in terms of open analogic and closed digital sets. 
Collapse of the wave equation. INTERNATIONAL CODE OF SIGNALS and Level 
Intermingling - levels, meta-levels, and 'aura.'

6. Worlds of real-time manual labor in relation to culling/production: CD 
work of flat-dry guitar/VLF audio/radio; and CD work with Matt Frantz of 
manual/electronic labor.

7. Re/presentation of absolute despair in relation to the 'cruelty' of the 
real.


_


Instinctual-Cultural States


Both great blue herons and snowy egrets do food dances, stirring up the 
muddy bottom layers of a body of water, so that invertebrates and small 
fish attempt to flee the disturbance. Dinner! The snowy egret seems more 
nervous, constantly vibrating the water equally with one and then the 
other foot, shaking the sediment loose. There are two techniques; both 
conserve energy. The inactive technique requires waiting, hardly moving at 
all: this is the usual pointed stance of the birds. When a fish or other 
animal becomes visible, it can be instantly seized with little energy. The 
active technique involves the dances themselves, throwing the animals into 
confusion. More food, but a greater energy expenditure which balances out. 
The dance itself involves turning, wing-flapping, something ruffling the 
surface as if taking off, only to move a few feet. These actions can be 
repeated three or four times in a row as the food is hurried along. I've 
seen the willets use another technique altogether, picking up plants and 
other organic debris from the shallows, then shaking it wildly, finally 
jabbing at the result. It's difficult to tell what is happening with a 
standard video camera (i.e. not high-speed), but small mollusks are most 
likely shaken loose. The jabbing is ferocious and rhythmic. Now all of 
these are foraging techniques; there are also, of course, the skimmers, 
the bobbers, the divers, the plunge divers, the sifters. In almost every 
case, the prey is small. What is most fascinating, however, about the 
dance behavior, is the potential degree to which this represents culture, 
not 'instinct,' however defined. Do all populations of egrets and herons 
perform similarly, or rather equivalently? I'm not in a position to judge. 
Surely there are new techniques; the willet debris shaking is most likely 
one of them. Another point, to which I have no answer: How related are 
these behaviors to mating behaviors? And again, how much of both may be 
considered cultural? For these behaviors are not simple, as, for example, 
the plunge diving of the least tern might be - a singular and necessary 
monotonic act, for the most part. Of course even with the least tern we do 
not see what goes on beneath the surface. But the dance itself is even at 
first sight complex; there are numerous behaviors associated in various 
combinations. I could not tell in any case whether egrets or herons favor 
the left or right foot; with the snowy egrets, the division of labor 
between left and right seemed equivalent. The great blue had another 
technique, along with remaining still, pointing, and that is a slow wading 
which also involved what I think must be the right foot slowly moving 
backward as the bird advances - backward beneath the surface, almost 
imperceptibly plowing the bottom. I can only assume this does not frighten 
the bottom-dwellers, but registers only as a slight inconvenience, to 
which they might respond by momentarily surfacing, seeking another cover - 
not to be found, as the heron quickly catches its prey. These birds - 
great blues and snow egrets - see almost three hundred sixty degrees; this 
is obvious when they face you forward, their eyes, immersed in the sides 
of their heads, clearly visible and watching. The world appears constantly 
and in the dance of hunter and prey, however defined, we see energy held 
to a minimum, high survival, and a slim possibility of out-waiting the 
depredations of man. 

I have taped some of the above behaviors at the Bolsa Chica wildlife 
preserve in Huntington Beach, California. I am interested in instinctual- 
cultural states (ICS) and their relation to historiography. For example, 
we assume an absence of Jurassic technology (except of course for the 
museum devoted to it!); our assumptions guide our investigations. But 
there is no indication for example that all reptilian behavior, even 
today, is instinctual, and given the long-term development of the 
dinosaurs, there is a good possibility that what even we might concede as 
cultural existed in ages remote from our own. When we look at birds, we 
are witnessing today a new ethological-cultural ornithology in the making, 
as definitions and values of ICS change. We have set ourselves up as 
arbiters of intelligence and survival upon the planet, and have acted 
accordingly, and brutally. It is too late to glimpse anything but the 
remnants of other intelligence, as our own falters upon some ulterior 
shore most likely of our own making.



Art and experiment, vision of the PLAGUE


The IMAGE of three folding wooden rulers, German, millimeter rules:
PLACE these in a triangular configuration: two from the wall down,
one across the endpoints of the two. AS IF these formed an equilateral
triangle, however BROKEN by virtue of the WEIGHT of the wood, the
intrusion of the physico-inert into the virtual-inert of the static
euclidean WORLD.

I do not know or give their LENGTH.

Remnant of memory: Early 1970s Bykert Gallery NY show: collapsed hyper-
cube made from nylon cord - topological accuracy but disrupted per-
ception. The IDEAL held; the perceptual-real, i.e. constructed meaning,
collapsed. 

No progress now: This current work represents no progress whatsoever;
the theme is tackled with only the DISTINCTION: the topological is
trivial (a loop) or absent (an irrelevant loop). The MEASUREMENT is 
ANALOGIC, the ideal DIGITAL, a world of zero tolerance - well, perhaps
analogic as well.

Can this be? A zero-tolerance analogic world? A wave-equation collapse
or even rounding-off - that REWRITES the digital, INSERTS IT as 
permanent markers? Or rather, perhaps it is the zero-tolerance digital
world that REWRITES and analogic, REINSERTS within the analogic.

What of this REWRITE? I have often said: I write myself into existence.
I write myself out of existence. And ONLINE? See early Internet Text,
Nettext sections: Existence is equivalent to CONTINUOUS REWRITE; when
insertion ends (and this is insertion THROUGH the mediation of digital/
analogic means INTO the analogic WETWARE of the perceiving SUBJECT),
MEANING begins. 

The ANALOGIC measurement of the rulers, with WEIGHT and problematic or
rough TOLERANCE, is the measure of MEANING as well, coupled with the
idealized MIRRORING of the digital within the analogic (as if the 
analogic were a cast-off of the digital, or as if the digital were a 
cast-off of the analogic). 

The rulers, in their UNGAINLY stance, are a source of DIS/COMFITURE or
the DIS/EASE of GRAVITY. A straight-line bending, inconceivable! The
misplacement of tolerance: Unforgivable!

Yet this is what we are confronting in our cultural-political world 
today: digital laissez-faire and the bending of the analogic, as RULES, 
not rulers, are bent to meet every contingency: Let us, for example, 
over-develop this nation, these wetlands, this war, in the guise of the 
ABSOLUTE - of freedom, of god, of Capital. As with the Procrustean 
Bed: Cut off what doesn't fit! Purify at all costs! In this regard, the
future is always already cleared, cleansed, and ready for action.

(All development is over-development or under-development.)

Back in the Gallery: I will gather the rulers, take them with me across
the United States, sleeping, measuring only the unease of dreams. Four
of them, found in a small second-hand shop in Copperton, Utah, next to
the Bingham Copper Mine excavation, the largest human-made scar on the
face of the earth. Next time, the plague.


_

the mad dash - -

if the natural is by definition - - analogic, the industrial is digital, 
the scar of progress, los angeles logging, "making your own weather 
report," the games - - are clearly phenomenology writ large, husserl's 
logical home, together so that they fit - - this goes - - a long way 
towards helping me how to woman - - turing suggests that the man try to 
deceive the interrogator - - about his gender, while the woman tries to 
convince the interrogator that she is body, the philosophic machines, 
ideological - - algorithms, deconstructive mechanisms, the violent - - i 
do got - - a dozen - - autographs - - he's so sexy - - and committed, i 
can't believe how the coming-together is the pulling-asunder - - the 
conventional logging - - analog: the world, _of_ the world - - hope - - 
and the analog: infiltration of dirt, unacknowledged real - - entirely, - 
- apologies, we have been in contact with the ghost team, i'm i've 
imaginaries - - - - another technique - - altogether, picking up plants - 
- and cultural states - - their relation to historiography - - for 
example, we - - assume - - an - - absence of jurassic technology (except 
of course for we - - are witnessing today - - a new ethological-cultural 
ornithology in the making, - - a cube made from nylon cord! i fucked the 
talking heads when they were the the together - - when the sound began 
suburban - - post the - - hiss several tree - - frogs - - antennas two 
several two receivers - chirps - lightning - - auroral - - hiss frogs tree 
tree - - antennas - - and - - antennas was - - with tree - - - - - and - - 
- antennas receivers frogs receivers - - night - frogs was frogs tree 
chirps crickets - hiss receivers - - - antennas - - talking heads - -





Annoying Behavior

Annoying and annoyance are difficult to analyze. Yet they form a behav- 
ioral matrix, appearing in such forms as teasing, taunting, daring, 
whining, infuriating, and seducing. The phenomenology of annoyance is 
complex; among animals, annoyance plays roles ranging from deflection to 
prey production. Crows and other birds will annoy hawks; smaller birds 
will annoy crows - in both cases to lead the larger birds away from 
potential prey. Egrets on the other hand will annoy bottom-dwellers, which 
flee their hiding-places and are caught. Their behavior ranges from wing- 
flapping and circling to leg vibrating and kicking back. These actions 
change quickly, decreasing the likelihood for a steady-state response by 
potential prey. It's unclear to what degree this behavior is learned or 
instinctual. See http://www.asondheim.org/annoyingegret.mp4 - a snowy 
egret at dawn in the Bolsa Chica wetlands, Huntington Beach, California. 
Other examples - chipmunks, squirrels, and various bird species taunting 
rattle-snakes; coyote and other large predatory animals harrowing prey; 
annoying by the weaker and taunting by the stronger, among humans.


Our Future

In 1973 I taught "The Year 3000" at the Rhode Island School of Design. 
Most of the predictions described for the year 2000 have already occurred. 
Now for the modest future of thirty years hence:

All megafauna in the wild will be extinct. The population of the earth 
will be close to its carrying capacity. Disease will run rampant due to 
pollution. Global warming will bring about fast-forward environmental 
effects, including rising seas, increased desertification, and extremely 
violent hurricanes. The life-span of humans will begin a temporarily 
exponential decrease. The rich will live in highly defended enclaves. 
Fundamentalisms will be the order of the day, since belief alone commands. 
Terrorism will be increasing exponentially, since future paradise is all 
there is. Capitalism will be bankrupt as national currencies collapse and 
world-wide depression sets in. The information explosion will continue on 
localized data-networks and stuttering global communication systems. The 
global communications infrastructure will have reached its carrying 
capacity as well. For the first time, information will begin to corrode, 
decay, as structures can no longer be protected against the world-wide 
environmental crisis. The smaller generalist flora and fauna will begin to 
dominate the earth. Great portions of the globe will be uninhabitable. The 
larger aquatic species will have gone extinct, and the oceans will be 
dominated by off-shore algal blooms. Most urban drinking water supplies 
will be polluted and rationed. Suburbs will be abandoned as gasoline 
becomes an almost inaccessible commodity. The planet will seethe with 
continuous war, no longer fought among nation-states, but among private 
militias, guerilla groups, and individual cowboys. Religions and 
extremisms will be intertwined. There will be heavily-defended holdouts in 
the North American mountains, and relatively isolated land masses such as 
New Zealand. Fluid urban structures will be composed of well-armed gangs 
dealing with the major currency of drugs and weaponry. At least a third of 
all births will result in deformed infants. Ozone depletion will be almost 
complete and skin cancers will be exponentially increasing. Most hospitals 
world-wide will have closed their doors to all but the extremely wealthy. 
Knowledge-structures will have broken down as specialization and increased 
mathematical difficulties result in the problematizing of any theoretical 
work at hand. Computers will have reached a plateau of speed, complexity, 
and miniaturization. They will not have achieved consciousness. Robotics 
and nanotechnologies will not be the order of the day - plagues will. 
Sports franchises will be local and heavily subsidized. The air will be 
almost unbreathable, and asthma / allergic reactions will be one of the 
primary causes of death. Most deaths however are the result of violence. 
Local police will perform rearguard holding actions at best. Highway 
systems will have fallen into disrepair as economies collapse. Air travel 
will be almost non-existent; space travel will have disappeared. The space 
station will be a rusted hulk, if it has not already plummeted to earth. 
Literacy will be on the decline. There will be a world-wide energy crisis. 
Child abuse will have become child use and child discard; a high 
percentage of children will be proffered for labor and sexual slavery, in 
return for food and goods. Informal economies and the barter system will 
characterize most local trade. Transnational trade will be at a minimum. 
The genetic revolution will result in new and uncontrollable pandemics as 
viruses and bacteria become increasingly resistant. Highly modifiable 
immune deficiency diseases will appear on an exponentially-increasing 
basis. The greatest percentage of murder victims, per capita per age 
level, will be the elderly. Despair will be transformed into religious 
salvation. More than twenty nuclear weapons, most of them small and 
poorly-constructed, will have been exploded in various urban areas. Most 
of the countries of the world, such as they are, will have weapons 
programs which will absorb a large proportion of the gross national 
product. Political economy will be ad hoc. Political ideologies will be 
fragmentary and situational. Electrical grids will be hard-put to maintain 
even the most minimal of services. The arts will have reached the limits 
of extremity, with suicidal art movements in the fields of theater, 
performance, ballet, and installation. The new media 'movement' will have 
become a thing of the past. Art history will have disappeared as museums 
fall victim to gang warfare and destruction. Most national heritage 
monuments will have been at least partially destroyed. Most populations 
will be drugged...


[This article is somewhat of a mess; I don't think it could have been any 
other way. At least by me. It's overworked, overdetermined. Trying to 
write about online writing? An impossibility, an inconceivable territory. 
It's beginning to sound like an illiterate Foucault's archaeology of 
knowledge.]



A Field so Vast, the Other is Lost in the Details


Apropos of Writing Online / Online Writing

"The Sceptical persuasion, then, is also called Investigative, from its 
activity in investigating and inquiring; Suspensive, from the feeling that 
comes about in the inquirer after the investigation; Aporetic, either (as 
some say) from the fact that it puzzle over and investigates everything, 
or else from its being at a loss whether to assent or deny" - Sextus 
Empiricus, Outlines of Scepticism, edited by Julia Annas and Jonathan 
Barnes, Cambridge, 2000.

"I cannot stress too strongly, however, that for life as we have seen it 
develop, both place and movement are indispensable. In order to store 
information - say in a book, or a mind, or a computer memory - one must be 
almost certain that the information will be stationary and yet retrievable 
at a later date. In order for this to occur, the object containing the 
information must retain its configuration for limited periods. Further- 
more, [these periods] must be enough for all the information contained to 
be retrieved." - Alan Sondheim, artist talk, 1973, in Artists Talk, 
1969-1977, edited by Peggy Gale, Nova Scotia College of Art and Design, 
2004.

Unlike the Dogmatists, online work is continuous investigation, movement, 
within diffused sites, applications, networks, inter- and intra- nets, 
PDAs, cellphones, wireless and bluetooth, satellite and other radios, 
cable and other televisions...

An incandescent investigation, high-speed, apparently but not really 
unlimited, names and movements, critiques, sources and files, coming and 
going, circulating, decaying, disappearing, reappearing, transforming...

New media writing - codework - hypertext - online writing - blog or MOO 
writing - all of the forms are problematized, liminal, subject to 
fast-forward taxonomies as new applications and access modes appear.

By "liminal," I mean that such writings are first of all mediated, by 
technological apparatus (including the power grid), and are second of all 
in-between process and stasis. Process = continuous production and 
distribution; stasis = virtual objecthood.

Liminal work is nomadic, subject to the vicissitudes of empire; it moves 
from site to site, is updated or disappears, uses legacy technology or 
processing power / access available only to a few. But it also requires 
corporate acquiescence - the access to tools (including the power / 
network grids); free software requires corporate hardware requires 
programmers who have to eat and sleep (sometimes!).

One distributes through pre-existing channels or new channel production. 
Once distributed, the texts, which are after all a collocation or ordered 
collection of ones and zeros, or pluses and minuses - or any other dyadic 
differentiation, are subject to modification by others - and as such are 
vulnerable and characterized by imminent access.

By "imminent access" I mean that any byte whatsoever - any individual 
smallest unit of a file (text, sound, video, program, other) - any zero or 
one - is independently accessible, and therefore independently alterable. 
The alteration of a file-in-the-large is a process of filtering, and one 
might consider online writing as a form of articulated and non-articulated 
filtering.

By "non-articulated filtering" I mean the actual course of writing by an 
author; this may be either a process of subjectively and freely choosing 
program parameters (i.e. a certain number of nouns of type X), and/or a 
more traditional process of authorial writing, i.e. writing with authorial 
intent. By "articulated filtering" I mean a form of mathematization of a 
text or part of a text, through which the chosen domain is modified in its 
entirety by one or another algorithm. For examples: non-articulated 
filtering might as well refer to the writing of a sonnet in the 
traditional manner; articulated filtering might refer to replacing the 
vowels of the sonnet with randomly chosen consonants.

(So that "articulation" is used to refer to the application of a 
technological apparatus - most often a software program - to a text or 
other file. A Photoshop filter which alter a photograph from color to 
black and white is a good example. And "non-articulation" refers to "just 
writing." So why are both forms of "filtering"? Because, here, I want to 
emphasize the substrate - the blank sheet of paper or empty file, for 
example (Peirce's "sheet of assertion") which is filled or spilled through 
creative work. The filter goes from blank to content; it's a way of 
thinking through the creative act, from offline to online and back again.)

An online distribution is never complete, never completed. Sites and 
software protocols change, codes change, revisions are added, texts are 
hacked, texts are duplicated and downloaded with and without permission 
(such as it is), sites disappear with their texts, texts are replaced by 
other texts, texts are corrupted, technologies change, bandwidths change, 
copyrights are enforced or ignored or bypassed or non-existent: 
intellectual property is in fact intellectual propriety, an agreement, 
such as it is, to utilize in any form or not utilize in some forms (i.e. 
other than reading/perceiving) the production of the other (such as he or 
she or it - computer or whatever - is). (Intellectual propriety, then, is 
the etiquette of duplication and transformation, the sometime distinctions 
between hacking and cracking, between payment and non-payment for 
downloading, and so forth.)

Codework is a form of writing which problematizes form and formlessness 
simultaneously by incorporating the means of production within the file 
itself, actively or passively augmenting or corroding the file (depending 
of course on authorial intent, perception, reception, production).

By "active augmentation or corrosion" I reference a file which changes 
either through reader/viewer interaction or by itself, within a relatively 
limited period of time (i.e. within the phenomenological time-horizon of 
the reception of the text). These changes may be anything from automatic 
text / image / sound generation, through interactive generation of the 
same, to built-in instabilities of reading and writing (language changing 
on the fly, and so forth). Texts and other files may respond to anything - 
from the weather through mouse-clicks through the viewer's breathing 
patterns (coupled of course with the proper hardware). By "passive 
augmentation or corrosion" I mean a relatively static (i.e. within a 
similar time-horizon) text which nonetheless incorporates what might be 
considered surplus or extraneous elements (parts of code, formatting, and 
other) and/or eliminates or obfuscates ("corrodes") other elements (for 
the most part taken for granted within traditional texts and readings, 
such as the full alphabet, more or less standardized syntax, the and so 
forth).

Codework is neither a style nor a movement; it remains a loose term 
characterized by a "kind of messiness." It is simultaneously conceptual 
and loose, based on structure and the deconstruction of structure. An 
example (of my own):

