"
Dria says, "you just have to understand what it is that you're getting 
into..."

Dria says, "but it is possible to get so much more from it...real love, 
can gro
w out here."
Martin says, "Jerry's talking ..."
Raxcip says, "yes, of course. "
Dria says, "you sound unconvinced. :)"
Raxcip says, "My friend was a world away."
Dria nods
Dria says, "aye...I know what it's like."
Alan says, "One of the speakers is talking about how he enjoyed watching 
the th
e screen and Alan and the timekeeping.  This, I (Richard) think is an 
example o
f how net.sex affords a greater opportunity for voyeurism."
Dria grins
Martin grins
Raxcip says, "I find it hard to exist both here on teh net and in RL, and 
wholy
 give oneself in either space.  I choose the Real."
Dria says, "I toggle between.  I am not real."
Alan says, "I choose both.  The unreal has been very good to me."
zone laughs
Martin says, "I really like Ari's presentation ..."
Apocryphal says, "it seems..."
Raxcip fails to delineate.
Alan says, "Jon Marshall is asking about the ethical challenges posed by 
net.se
x."
Apocryphal says, "like there's no one-or-the-other each infects the other"
Martin says, "The text was most lost on me ... but watching the images of 
the h
ands was definitely affaected by the MOOD of the text ..."
Alan says, "Don't forget that the Cathoholic Church has decreed that 
net.sex is
 a sin."
Dria says, "I walk out into the world 'rl' and I feel...unreal...it is 
surreal.
..it all feels surreal.  I have realized that "I" am not real (to anyone 
else,
at least).  So why fight it."
zone exclaims, "!!!"
zone says, "That is astonishing."
Dria says, "you're not serious.  You *can't* be serious."
Alan is serious
Dria boggles
Speaker says, "Ari says even email is theatrical .."
Apocryphal says, "the screen as contraceptive"
Alan says, "Dria, I think in the long-run, this is a great development.  
With a
 simple decree, the Church has given credence to cyberlife.  That's a good 
thin
g."
Raxcip says, "the catholic church would never approve of fun without 
consequenc
e."
Dria says, "well, yeah, but.  It's still stupid. :>"
zone nods.  Yes.  Calling netsex a sin has in one fell swoop brought it to 
the
attention of the world...
Alan says, "Yeah, but I'll take a little near-sightedness with a lot of 
vision-
-even if the vision comes inadvertently."
Dria decides to ponder it for a bit before forming a real opinon.
Martin asks, "Any questions to ALan?"
Martin says, "No"
Martin says, "That's it ..."
Martin says, "next sesion in 5 minutes .."
Alan says, "That's it, and thank you. There's another panel in five 
minutes and
 I can possibly work this through as well - not sure what the situation 
will be
..."




on the crest or ridge of an enormous wave, during which the events of the 
day loom exponentially, perhaps x^4 for example, the imminence of any 
diurnal, already lost before a week or so - and in what name then history, 
which integrates to the point of non-recognition? what happened thirty 
years ago, I have small tales, few images, cannot assemble sample days or 
nights; the remainder is all reconstruction, as it must be with crossed 
ontologies, from object and word to neural circuit. talismans, fetishes, 
ward against misinterpretation; these _are_ and _were_ and remain as such 
as if their abject or reflective status guarantees a presence across what 
can only be considered inconceivable loss. humans decry their minimal role 
in the cosmos, but more minimal yet is our recuperation of untold events 
among organisms, both spoken and unspoken, deaths of dinosaurs, children 
wailing in the distance, the fall of a lepidodendron, anything one might 
conceive. our slice, our crest, is the thinnest, thinner by far than the 
fossil we hold in our hands, as if it were precious reminder, not 
accidental residue; the fossil already participates in global economies of 
collecting, completions, transportations, representations. 

here though I think of the wave, the crest, the ridge, the fullness which 
is greatest among all others, the fecundity of the crest, Leibniz and Thom 
to a certain rescue, that is the rescue of all jostlings, emendations, 
here they are. further down the stalk or sides, quantum tunnelings 
continue and emissions, behave in contradiction to the distinctions above; 
above, however, the world is infinitely clarified, it is _there_ at the 
cusp or peak of roiling (singularities in differential calculus perhaps, 
difference calculus perhaps upon closer inspection), that we model our 
perceptions, our 'take,' our presence.


it will be when it finishes,
having been celestial, finishing
cosmic dance and bodies finished
and preened, shuddering, finish
or sheen; to be sure, this lives
until the checksum disappears, lived
flattening, as if it were live
or flourishing, alive, livid, living

body or inscription,
death eases, inscribes
itself, always already inscribed;
look - eyes. and then inscribe
among the dead or dying,
or those who died inscribing
or just die

poorly finished trees

already reduced from PAL thru .avi thru .mov to .mp4 do the best i can
world transformed through an exemplification of particle physics - within 
which things fly apart, always already have been apart - have nothing to 
sustain them, interiority neither present nor exploded, all manifolds 
opening through temporal dimensions - you can see the forest because of 
the trees - the trees aren't there - yes, local intensities, vectors - 
unfolding as well - the sheath three dimensions just there - volume 
everywhere and nowhere - open tetraheda - 

the map is the only territory
only territory is the map

implicit objecthood relying heavily on aristotelian laws of distribution - 
here gestures are already syzygy - configurating - 

hello a world in which machine-space is everything -
what is machine-space? only a self-referential raster - double 
articulations just like language - that of the pixel, that of the _span_ - 
then of course preceived span - that's something else again - 

hello i was a tree
hello i was never a tree

D:/ C:/ E:/:turned coats and trying to work out in other environments, 
who? w? netstat?:the miserable acquiescence of the hungered world:: the 
miserable acquiescence of the hungered world transforms Your D:/ C:/ E:/ 
on me... Ah, incandescent with Reds and Blues!



model model model

short video of stills from scanner to Geomagic to Blender and spherical 
mappings; last night the rationale behind these came clear in a dream; 
this morning disappeared; the tree maps onto the tree; within the real; 
the optical apparatus; the digital maps onto the digital; protocol between 
the two; but that the digital spews into the analogic; returns to the 
dream as dismembering, disassem- bling, dissembling; that the tree is a 
world; of numerical values; that these values are cauterized; extruded 
from irrationals; that they never return; that they themselves are taken 
apart; reconfigured; that the infinite journey of such mappings is 
inherently uncanny; that the real gnaws always already at the digital; the 
tree is the tree of the imagin- ary; as in Saussure; Wittgenstein's family 
of usages; what is a family?; what is familiality?; familiar?; that the 
totality of such mappings is the result of extrusions, collapses, 
creations, annihilations, duplications; that it is the result of totality, 
overall operations; that no bit or byte is singled out from any other; 
that these computations are plankton-maw; that nothing is distinguished 
precisely _in order to distinguish_; that what emerges is close to the 
perspective-sublime; black-hole vanishing- point; that there are trees of 
numbers and numbers of trees; that there digital hands and handsful of 
digits; model model model.




familiar wood

waves let your loves blossom, you fools, recording dictagraph sounds. (She 
runs to find a better vantage point.) (A man walks into ghost town with 
fungus.) 2 scatological terms reveal her bare thighs selfishness the magic 
of alarms sound in a workshop while a family watches her with long pointed 
claws. They're frightened by the sound, a girl's bare buttocks make water, 
she deserves to listen to a loud sound. A dog urinates on a young woman. 
Columbus: you'd hear the sound of chain-mail rustled against willows and 
poem into sound, for which it materializes, that is, fetishizes, placing 
nadir of bellowing sound, perversions of word and sentence and boys and 
men. The basement sound of dharmata, like a thousand thunderclaps 
simultaneously. This is the natural sound of your own dharmata, so do not 
be afraid or bewildered - you have no physical body of flesh and blood, so 
whatever sounds, colors; trusting in the sound of your words I reach out 
and touch the sound of your words - she has murdered the boys while they 
are asleep; she has murdered the family which makes sound; she makes 
sound; she kills a dog.
                   you must be sound asleep. A boy and his dog stood and 
we forget the sound of laughter and the pain of the legs' hinge, skin/nn 
half what might have seemed unsound; i wept - she got out with me. Grunts 
and moaning clatter to the floor of the bathroom; you might see her 
disappear for a moment, hear the sound of motion, the sound bytes - i 
generate nothing but sound, no appearance, no twists and turns, only 
tatters. When I speak, my voice sleeps. I churn out sounds. She exclaims, 
"Netsex sounds ....  aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh" He says "you sound 
unconvinced."





Interior and Absence (notes on recent work)


In an attempt to explain my recent work...
This is such an attempt, the attempt already referenced -

Every surrounding space is non-existent, that is, every embedding space 
should be construed as invisible, unless vectored outside of the frame - 
i.e. perspectival vanishing-points or obvious extensions of line segments.

The invisible space is less than a frame, paregon, peripheral, only a 
demarcation necessary for the transmission of the central object or 
figure, or syzygy of connected nodes or interconnected figures. One must 
strip away space in this regard.

Likewise one must strip away time, in order to reassemble temporality; 
what it takes to see or process is widely at variance, turned loose, from 
what is presented in the screen, this or that figure or figures.

Such figures descend from a series of asteroids I modeled, allowing one, 
that is myself, to fly across their surfaces, as if polygons were 
geological figures; it was the surround skeins, skins, that constituted 
the measure of the infinite in the small, a form of perspectival geometry.

The asteroids themselves have as antecedent certain works or preparations 
I constructed for scanning electron microscope imaging; these works were 
either prepared natural specimens or etched figurations, sculptures 
smaller than the wavelength of light, using a Cambridge Stereoscan which 
did exactly that.

The concern or cathecting, investment, I have in the current objects, and 
their potential or real transformations, to the extent they can be 
considered objects, is based on psychoanalytic and general vectoral flows 
across their surfaces - surfaces which may be penetrated or interpenetra- 
ted by vision, revealing the hollowed skein or scaffolding of model 
building.

The objects, whether closed manifolds or not, I consider closed manifolds 
of projections and introjections, manifolds whose surfaces are inscribed 
much like a cuneiform tablet, open to readings, not reading, and open to 
interpretation. The reading is visceral.

The objects are not, nor are intended to be, portraits, nor do they occupy 
a branch or sub-branch of portraiture; they are not singularities in 
space, but spaces themselves, whose anxieties triumph, whose psychoses 
play like storms across their surfaces.

I inject my concerns into safe, part-objects, transitional objects, half- 
formed, maternal, wary in the construction of language, of languages, wary 
in the construction of difference, differance. Such objects reference the 
analogic from the digital, a digital which is embedded in the analogic, in 
the hermeneutics of analogic reading and inscribing. What may for example 
begin as dream or hypnagogic imagery, transforms within the pressure of 
the machine, into those apparent fluidities which may be indefinitely 
shaped. To shape meaning without the ostensible pressuring of language, 
without the inscription of ostensible inscription - this is a goal, 
meaning which, submerged, emerges, from less organized perception, which 
may or may not be read as wonder in relation to the world or worlds. Every 
image a world, every world, an imaginary.

The _scan_ permits the uneasy rupture/rapture among code and uncoding, 
real and irreality, image and imaginary; the rupture/rapture of the scan 
itself construes the fluid or abject at the heart of culture, universe, 
world. Every reading is our reading; every writing is our writing; every 
scan is ours and ours alone.

The _motion capture_ permits the internal tearing, torsion, tension, 
tensor of the cohering body, always taken for granted, in order that 
death, violence, sexuality, language, and body re-emerge as dissipated 
punctum, within or without any circumscriptions.

The _access grid echo_ constructions create and reproduce the flattening 
of space and thereby time that constitutes defuge, that state always 
generative by deferral of other states. A face resembles, reassembles, 
itself, and such contiguities or echoes are embedded as well into 
generating configurations that might as well not be there.

In all of these instances, the embedding spaces are the symbolic; are the 
chora; are ourselves to the extent that our senses devolve first and 
primarily into the seepage of our own liquidities, bodies, sexes, deaths, 
ruptured and irreparable enunciations.

The symbolic surrounds the symbol, which is symbolic to the extent, or 
within, circumscription.

All inscription is circumscription.

Culture is the absence of embedding.




My Life at the Edge of the World


Who set me adrift but my fathers and mothers, releasing non-existent 
shackles, tightening the reins of no-horse. I meander among extractive 
industries, worlds the poorer for them. My share is meager; I scratch 
surfaces, dig into the abject muck of fires and desires. To date, I have 
had enough to eat, but this is temporary; from date, I shall be eaten. Of 
water, there is thirst, of food, there is hunger. This area has memories 
of roads. This area is like any other. My life, at the edge of the world, 
that's all.

What remains, what is not all, forms a culture, residue, forms a story, 
theory, forms something to be said. The edge thins to non-existence; in 
the absence of gravity, the worst that can be expected is cuts, fractures, 
divisions. At the edge the only economics is that of want, beings are in 
solitary, smeared, transformed; moving inwards, they're cauterized. Every 
acceptance is cauterization, every process of acceptance is cauterization- 
mechanics. At the edge hydraulic models no longer hold; what is sublimated 
may not appear anywhere at all, comes forward frothing. The liquidity of 
the edge is vascular, viscous, uncanny among collapsing divisions of 
states of matter. Economies flow into negative space, arbitrary quantific-
ations, decisions beyond the Pale where doormen wait. Holes are breaches 
are holes. 

Life at the edge is insipid, Dostoevsky had it right, illnesses, livers, 
spleens. Something's always wrong, something's gone amuck, that something 
sure is something, is already gone, broken, splattered, sputtered, splin- 
tered, spat. My life at the edge of the world garners the world, inscribes 
the world with its broken edges, decathects the world with its buckets of 
blood, disinvests the world with its poverties and suicides. At the edge 
of the world there are no events, no non-events, no states, no operators. 
At the edge of the world, no-name procedures of procedures, no-name 
protocols of protocols, no-name processes of processes; no name is not 
no-name, nor forgotten name, nor a-name, nor anomie, nor division and 
construction by negation. No-name is left at the edge of the world where 
my life is, where life is, skeins are skins, bones are borne. Only members 
are dismembered, clubs are clubbed, puns seep, split spilt pees. Tropes 
choke at the edge of the world where life is, life neither originated nor 
dissolved, life was earlier and later, life was middled, muddled, and life 
in the interior was harvesting, harvested, disenchanted. I'd write the 
story of my life as this life at the edge of the world, but it would be a 
story, and this is not a story but a claim, a claim from the edge - from 
an edge without gates, roads, byways, vectors, paths. Unclaimed this edge, 
unclaimed this life, unclaimed this world without edge.





Horizon and Phenomenology


From The Works of the People of Old, Na Hana a ka Po'e Kahiko, by Samuel 
Manaiakalani Kamakau, 1869-70, translated by Mary Kawena Pukui, edited by 
Dorothy B. Barrere, 1976

HORIZONS

There are two kinds of _kukulu_ which are horizons - the visible and the 
invisible. If a person stands on a height - a hill or a mountain - he sees 
the "wall" (_paia_) of the sky, the meeting place of the dome of the sky 
and the ocean and the puffy clouds at this meeting place. This is the 
horizon, _hekukulu_; it is the visible horizon. An invisible horizon 
"pushes out" (_pane'e_); its only boundary is where it adjoins the solid 
walls of the sky.

Here are some terms for the horizons of the earth, the _kukulu o ka 
hanua._ On the "sides" (_na 'ao'ao_) of the ocean, at the edge of the 
ocean next to the base of the sky that lies around the platform of the 
earth, the circle or band (_po'ai_) is called _kukulu o ka honua_ 
[variously translated as the borders, or the ends, or the pillars, of the 
earth]. At the lower edge of the firmament, above the encircling horizon 
of the earth (_ma ka huina aouli maluna a'e o ke kukulu po'ai honua_) the 
circle is called _kukulu o ka lani_ [the borders, or pillars, of the sky].

The circle seen as the eye traverses land and sea to the firmament where 
it meets the sea (_ka huina aouli_) is called Kahiki-moe, and all the 
lands "below" (_malalo_: within) this circle are called _'aina o 
Kahiki-moe,_ lands of Kahiki-moe.

The [first] band of the firmament where it ascends upward is called 
Kahiki-ku. Its "back" stretches to the base of the sky (_a moe aku ma kona 
kua a hiki i kumu lani_) and all the lands that might be found within this 
circle are _'aina o Kahiki-ku,_ lands of Kahiki-ku. Places where the land 
is large, or where there are many islands, are called _'apapanu'u_ (high 
strata) and since there are many lands to be found in Kahiki-ku, it is 
also called _'apapanu'u,_ or _'apapalani._

Heer are some terms for the _kukulu o ka lani,_ the "borders of the sky," 
or _kukulu o Kahiki,_ "borders of Kahiki." These are what _ka po'e kahiko_ 
called all the lands beyond the Hawaiian archipelago - the lands beyond 
the circles of Kahiki-moe and Kahiki-ku. These lands were called the lands 
of _kukulu o Kahiki_ or of _kukulu o ka lani,_ or of _na paia ku a lani,_ 
the standing walls of heaven or of _kumu lani._

The upper extremity of the _kujkulu o ka lani_ was called _lani,_ 
"heaven," and beyond (_ma ke kua aku_) this heaven was the _lani pa'a_ 
(fixed heaven) also called _lani kuaka'a_ (highest heaven), or _lani 
kuakolu_ (triple heaven) - all names for Kapa'ailuna (The "solid" above).

In these ways _ka po'e kahiko_ designated the _kukulu_ - the directions 
and horizons of the earth and of the skies. We of today can compare these 
terms with those used now and see how much alike they are.

SPACE

The highest stratum of space, _lewa,_ is the _lewa lani_; the place below 
the _lewa lani_ - equidistant from the sky downward and the earth upward - 
was called _ka ho'oku'i,_ the juncture, or _ka ho'ohalawai,_ the meeting; 
this was named Kamaku'ialewa (The joining place of space). Below 
Kamaku'ialewa, and close to the circle of air that surrounds the earth 
[the atmosphere] is Keapoalewa (The ring of space). Below (_malalo o_) 
Keapoalewa, in (_maloko o_) the atmosphere where birds fly, is the _lewa 
nu'u._ The space in which a man's legs dangle as he holds onto a brach of 
a tree is called the _haka-a-lewa_ (ladder to space). If a man stands 
on the ground and lifts up one foot, leaving the other on the ground, this 
is called _lewa ho'omakuo_ (a space established), because of the one foot 
remaining on the ground.

(1869)


...the absent body, air body, the virtual body, transparent body, body 
swallowed by space, inundated body...
...body of sides and pillars, body of the indefinite, indefinite body...
...looking where ones is looking and seeing, looking where one is looking 
and not seeing...
...one foot, no jump, one foot...


Never making it whole again.

Small image sequences taken from reprocessing of deconstructive
scans: Azure's head, a 'toy' gun, vacuum tube, and crystal glass.

The objects were reconstituted using volume wrap. 
But they could not be so.
They transformed, not otherwise, but other otherwise.
Therefore they continued transformation.

I have yet to understand the processing of time in these instances,
except for the obvious possibility of collapse somehow differentiated
from the time-exposures of photographic prints.
In the latter, the image is constituted as a simultaneity.
In the former, it is almost has if there remained a separation of parts,
based on digital access and manipulation of the three-dimensional
raster field.
Such a separation, and the setup of the hardware and software, and the
continuous tending, and the resonance of that tending, has all the
hallmarks of ritual.
So the digital collapse of time, the circumscription of inscription,
circumlocution of enunciation, this is a form, perhaps the form, of
ritual.
And each circum read into the matrix is abject, somewhat crawling and
crawled, for what is subject and what is object?
Each circum is partial, almost but not quite, in fact irrevocably
weakened, in such a manner that the fullness or fecundity of 
reconstitution is an impossibility.
The ritual of the head, the gun, the tube, the glass.
And presence and absence construed in the place of, vanishing in the
place of, the fetish.
Or the procurement of a dissipated fetish.
Dissipation in the sense of spew or emission, and dissipation in 
the sense of sexual exhaustion, defuge, but always gaping, more.

Making it whole again.


Finally

the entire history of digital transformation
compressed into simultaneous pages and differentiations
from and within the real

of course none of this is true
but I am closing in on the imaginary
Imaginary, you shall not escape me!

Hello, I am Imaginary and I have escaped!
nothing can hold nothing that is me, nothing!
of course truth has no place in my vagina!

caught on the tip of my penis, I say hello to Imaginary!
I have caught you again, and you're quite terrific there!
you've got outlines, no matter what you say!

Dear Alan, please leave my vagina!
Or rather, please just leave!
as you know, we have no outlines, no setting smooth

dearest imaginary, who is the we?
is the we you? because it makes absolutely no difference at all
are you we? because it makes all the difference in the world

you're right and you're wrong, Alana!
just try dreaming something else tonight
you'll see and you'll see!


I am fascinated by the real-virtual architecture of abstract thought.
I was very quiet during these particular sessions. 
Perhaps these are after the apocalypse. We are all on our way.
Don't use leather from China; animals are skinned alive.
Don't use leather from anywhere. Allow what's left a ghost
of a chance.

To work with sound through the grid is to bounce it around the world.
Or receive through filtering creating uncanny effects.

Shortly I will demonstrate sound and video. This is the setting 
of the final drama playing out, in the last years and days of our
familiar organisms. 

Are we the speaking to the already-dead? Are we the speaking dead?
Sure, speaking already, has never been enough. Nor has the stave
nor spear. Nor has any one thing, or that one thing invested, or
the pointing of the thing, pointing of the mortar of the thing.

The mortal thing on the access grid. Cloudy all day tomorrow.

Hodgepodge

You've heard the sound, seen incrementally both dancers independently in 
the self-same woods / dark thickets of the cultural enterprise, here now 
in combination according to the true nature of things, the ring-tone of 
interplanetary phones, memories recorded long before I was around to 
record them cape-clause or "curlicue." cape-clause or "curlicue."

death of the reader is announced as a _curlicue_ or diacritical sign, and 
there is almost always the curlicue of the _missing-person_ - the person 
hides behind and portends the rest; the hunter is the curlicue, the 
forgotten, like this post, not even a curlicue, but a _nuance_ to be re- 
produced within the very machination; it's the curlicue of representation 
and lime, dark curlicues of blood, of texts simultaneously presenced, the 
curlicue on the margins, almost excesses such as might be found in 
ordinary letters. theyn evinces themselves precisely in these moments of 
curlicue, returning back material fortifications if it were not true.
 
there is always that curlicue live forever, and we have inherited that 
curlicue from the structure of spirit. butt there is a sign which is part 
of the curlicue. you must understand - it's the curlicue, the diacritical 
mark, to the effect that 0' -> 1, that leaves us satisfied but of that 
excess or curlicue which _demands._ what won't come off becomes excessive, 
prosthetic, a curlicue. as a warning, what u have termed the _curlicue,_ 
the index of representation in which the two is already three: it is the 
curlicue of quine that extends by the emission related to excess, to 
surplus, to the curlicue or diacritique; in the latter, excess is a 
production of the CONTRARY an irrevocable form of decay or shuddering 
episteme: the curlicue of which subjectivity is marginal. symmetrical 
results within itself, the *curlicue* or excess of this interpenetration, 
curlicue, hermeneutic circling, lacanian language-skidding) remains ANGRY 
AT SIG.: (signature): depression, collapse, and the curlicue SCREEN 
PHENOMENA. the curlicue, symbolic, delays, continues, is sutured; 
nonetheless, there is always a murmuring or curlicue.

IT murmurs it is not an aura nor is it an excess or a curlicue; it is not 
petit-a or curlicue, something explained over and over again in INTERNET 
TEXT. if the curlicue is the surplus of the signifier, it is also where 
which subjectivity is marginalized or curlicue. symmetry results thus. 
this and every emission is related to excess, to surplus, to the curlicue 
itself.


at the end of the day curled
where the eye is curlicue of the dusk
where the lid is curlicue of the night
where one goes gloaming
wings! wings! 
murmuring under the sign of erasure
erasuring murmur, "sign, sign"
walking and always here and there
and at the end of the day curled
where furrows are and gloaming
where wings are furled, and, murmuring
speak dusk, and dusk, and dusk


Origin of Measurement


There's a hill over there (gestures) 
No there's a couple of hills
Wait I'll be right back

It's like skin
I'm uncomfortable skinning around here
I skinned that hill

"Btw I'm still working with the .obj files as you can see from the scanner 
- one of the things I'm interested in is the phenomenology of measurement 
- how the digital is extracted, along with attendant institutionalization, 
from the analog - and the images, with their 'peelings' and ruptures 
(Blender can deconstruct the Geomagic assemblages) are guides in this of 
course. The particular series I'm working with is based on the ruler - 
which is only an object with repetition - in any environment.

"Btw again - the rotation of the turntable incrementally connects with the
perceptual stitching of motion in film - which connects again with the
phenomenology of interpenetrating image stage, etc. etc."

What constitutes a mark or token? When does a surface anomaly become 
demarcation or inscription? What constitutes discrimination?

The images constitute the skin of the ruler in the real, a ruler whose 
surface plays tumor, eruption, swelling. This is difficult theoretically - 
the trialectic among the physico-inert of the world; measure; and body / 
symbolic - the playing of the surface is, after all, inscription. I hunt; 
I return; I'm scratched. Therefore I was hunting. I walk; I return; I'm 
stung. Therefore there were bees. The simplest model - that of the gesture 
(Tran duc Thao) - in combination with the reading of the world. Already; 
bees read. But our reading is plastic, deductive, transformative, morph- 
ing.

This is what the body brings to the ruler; this is what the ruler brings 
to the body.

Measure is tally is measure; what is brought to writing, accountancy, 
tokens in Sumer, elsewhere. Fingers always already are enumerations, 
mnemonics; pigeons recognize specific quantities. 

Perhaps a false derivation, _etymology_: our very nakedness, the 'naked 
ape,' creates an inscribable surface, Peirce's sheet of assertion. Already 
there; without fur or scale, nothing is obliterated, forgotten; what is 
traumatic, scars. Fur covers, re/covers; continuous growth is continuous 
erasure. Ruptures of the skin already are rulers, Rulers by detour of 
writing, skin carried into the social, inhabitation - skin as construct of 
inhabitation. Our nakedness sexualizes, effaces, inscribes.

The digital inscribes the ruler into the analog/abject _or so it appears._
This is what is presented here, accompanying this text, which is no doubt 
more accurate than one might be led to believe (by the voice, all but 
obscuring the skin).*

*(Therefore the skinwork in my world/work in relation.)


Disordered thinking through the origin of language (I'm in quotation) -

... "I know this sounds ridiculous - but I'm on to something. If the body
is hairless, then for example mud or blood will 'stick' to it - be
obvious. Of course this is the beginning of symbolization - it would
appear comical, or different, one person to another - it's a miniscule
step - not even a step - to drawing something on the face, body, etc. So
in this case, I'd bet that writing predates language, or at least the two
were contingent / contiguous in origin. From writing on the body - it's
not difficult to see how signs of that sort would be connected to sounds
by mimesis - even if the original sounds were nothing more than laughing
or crying.

"One possible 'gesture' in this direction - the markings on Acheulian
pebbles... Even if spoken language didn't arise in this fashion, certainly
writing did. (Think of proto-language).

... "For me it's an originary story much like Freud's of the sons killing
the father - but that remains a fornm of colonialism, assumption that it
is somehow a-cultural, that it is abstracted from an event in a particular
direction. I think of it as nothing more than perhaps mud or paste acci-
dently in the form of a third eye or smile, something to be imitated;
primates imitate, as do mocking-birds. From this would come the coagulat-
ion of signs, repetitions; laughter would be the first word. With Tran duc
Thao, gesture is out, away from the body, pointing towards the hills -
_this_ is where you hunt, for example, _behind_ the hill, something more
than pointing. But it's the other way around I think - pointing, gestur-
ing, sounding, would be from one to the other. It's only natural that this
would occur, and occur, often, and tend towards culture. Culture is
dependent on memory, on transmission of memory; bird-songs are cultural in
this sense. But in the case of the body, the skin of the body, it becomes
a _sign,_ something which may be written on the body, off the body, in the
sand, on a rock - those pebbles again - etc. What occurs at Lascaux etc.
is peeled _off_ the body.

"I don't think anything 'more' than this is necessary to explain writing
or language per se; spoken language would be a descendent of associated
sounds, I assume beginning with laughter. Empathetic behaviour comes into
play here as well; a wound and its figuration may be imitated as a form of
healing - this relates to shamanism, etc.

"In other words, there is a constellation of behaviours, repetitions,
intensifications, here - not only in the present (as in Lingis for
example) but in the past as originary. And this plays into the writing,
for that matter, that I did in Textbook of Thinking, etc., in which the
obscene is analyzed, plays a role (it plays a role in the obscene itself)
- the obscene and its obscene relation to the skin - think of the obscene
as a form of _pun_ in terms of physiognomy - it has a relationship to
linguistic puns, undermining transmissions through arousals, and so forth.
I think all of this 'fits.'

"As a friend pointed out, human infants have a propensity for babble that
becomes organized (one might say within a linguistic regime and commun-
ality) into languaging; the infant grows 'into' language. I think this
babbling - as well as the plasticity of our vocal cords - developed after
writing, or subsequent but close to, writing - that hairlessness, with
whatever survival value this might have given us - was prior, or that
reading the body as written increased, became culturally instutionalized,
with increasing hairlessness.

"It is not that 'the body is a text'; it is that 'a text is a body.'

"Re: Below - certainly dogs have faces, facial expressions (which may play
into what you say; we should go back and look at Darwin's book on this."

