==


On Number

Mathesis boils down to 0 and 1 , presence or absence, + | - , and so 
forth. The structure/function of the world swirls around beliefs connected 
to and contained within the polarity. Does anything exist beyond it? Does 
anything exist between the symbols? .0001 for example is mathematically 
between 0 and 1, but it doesn't 'fit' with the symbols, just as + and - 
natural numbers, have no blurred distinctions, for example that .0001 of a 
negative. Is there a container, then, as far as you're concerned? such 
that one might have [ 0 1 ] or some such? Is there lookup, so that 0 might 
be assigned X and 1 Y? Is there a form of genidentity such that 0 and 1 
retain their forms, or, through pure ideality, is such a thing even 
necessary? How are 0 and 1 contained / represented in the physical world? 
What are their tie-ins? Do they provide a primitive indexicality of being? 
Is such an indexicality arbitrary? How do we position ourselves with 
regard to the primacy of 0 and 1? For example, are these primordial, 
absolute? Are they relativized to particular domains? What role does the 
flesh-and-blood man or woman play in relation to them? Is gender involved? 
Abjection? Is it necessary to consider the grapheme involved in particular 
instances? The referents? Are referents necessary? Sheets of assertion in 
any consideration? If we consider for example the calculating subject, 
does that subject possess a generalized genidentity? Does the particular 
of that subject - beyond gender, individuated history for example, play 
any role? Any primordial role? Is it necessary to go farther in mathesis 
to arrive at an understanding of mathematical ideality in relation to 
concrete physicality? Would a singular 1 do, or is the step necessary? I 
believe the step, differentiation of any sort, is necessary. Then is the 
distinction between one and the other, 1 and 2 necessary? Might one 
consider instead 1 and 0 as two stages in a process? Then why the "two" in 
two stages? Is 0 then determinative only of absence? Might one begin with 
1 and 2, then, considering 0 as fictional, as-if? Something in fact and 
fancy derived as a backward calculation from 1 and 2? If differentiation 
is necessary, might one find the concrete, flesh-and-blood, ontology to 
lie in the step itself? Considering 0 and 1, or 1 and 2 as the boundaries 
of the step and nothing more. In any case, I have no problem with 
induction, with extensions, fractions, irrationals, transcendentals, 
infinitesimals, surreal numbers, infinities, transfinites, etc. etc. Once 
an existence appears, so does its absence, at least historically? Are 
these things discovered or invented? Does concrete physical historicity 
play a role here? Is there a conceivable conflation between abstract 
ontology and historiography, parallel perhaps to the conflation between 
the ontology of fundamental particle physics and the economics necessary 
to generate increasingly high energies, as Brillouin had it? Let us return 
to the Brown's drawing of a distinction, perhaps, or at least to any such 
demarcation of + and - ; one might then ask if action is prerequisite, and 
if so, does this involve temporality, and if so a priori? So that action 
might appear, and then genidentity or some form of keeping-track - of 
calculations, of individuations, tokens, symbols, mathesis, even the 1 and 
2. But if 1 and 2 exist independently of all of this, as ideal, then does 
a subject appear at all? Is the subject that-which-ties foregrounding and 
backgrounding, substance and structure, subject and object? Does this 
result in position masquerading as solipsism? Is it in fact solipsism? 
Would an utterly emptied universe, think of no-universe, still harbor, 
without place, mathesis? Is mathesis prior to no-universe? Is 0 and 1 and 
1 and 2? Might one consider 0 and 1 as primordial ontology _in any case,_ 
and 1 and 2 primordial epistemology _in any case_? Why do mathematicians - 
why does mathematical philosophy - generally tend towards an absolute? 
Towards Truth? Towards the Absolute Subject as characterless and 
fundamental? Towards a basic primary of relation as in Pythagoreanism? Why 
is this _tending_ when tending itself implies temporality? Does this 
involve flesh-and-blood subjects in the final position? I think not. I 
think in any universe, 0 1 2 are already already present and accounted 
for. That they are present and accounted for in no-universe. Are they gods 
then? They are what passes for gods, in that they are constitutive. They 
are not what passes for gods, in that they are nubs, mute. They are 
whatever description might be applied, to the extent that the application 
is characterized by the negative, neti neti. But that characterization is 
for us, and has nothing to do with them. And has nothing to do with the 
gods either. 

