

1. Uncomfortable notes on the poetics of captured human behavior:


[for Epoetry 2011]


The following is an outline of my recent work, which is based on a 
semiotics of the human body that relates to political and environmental 
concerns, choreography, and so forth, but is not based on particular 
graphemes or vocabulary. [Because of illness, I wasn't able to give this.]


I use motion capture in a variety of ways, emphasizing a poetics of 
movement that works through motion-transformation, motion-invention or 
discovery - in other words, I use motion capture for things beyond the 
standard reproduction of human movement.

Think of a set constituting the range of human actions, as described by 
Rudolf Laban:

Then think of different sorts of transformations T, that can be applied to 
 this range through modified motion capture.

The result is an unlimited range of actions, preserved in files, which can 
 be used in virtual worlds, in mannequin software, or for augmented 
 realities. I describe this as:

{range of human actions, Laban A} 
> T > 
{unlimited range of actions B}

What is T?

a. software interface (dynamic behavior filtering) transformations
 - WVU changing the software itself, some node remappings. 
When I was at WVU, we reworked the software for the older motion capture 
 equipment at the Virtual Environments Lab; the result was the ability to 
 create dynamic filtering, which modified the original actions.

b. hardware (distribution, remapping) transformations
 - remapping the nodes on one performer, distributions as in c.
Or the hardware could be mapped differently - the nodes could be assigned 
 different positions on the body, than the usual.

c. social transformations (many into one, distributed mappings)
Or - and this is most pertinent - the nodes for a SINGLE AVATAR or 
 representation could be distributed among several people, resulting in a 
 SINGULAR BEHAVIOR, assigned to one avatar, but representing a social 
 confluence - many people controlling one body.

The REAL BODY bound by skeletal connectivity, Jordan surfaces; 
But the transformed body bound by skeletal connectivity, twisted/tangled 
surfaces

In other words the links in the transformed body can bend in any 
 direction; the links in the real body are confined by human skeletal 
 potentials + topology
 (topological embedding in four dimensions):
 think of this as a tensor calculus of human movement
 think of this as a topography of flesh and sinew

The following typology emerges - this is where my work is taking me:

Ruptures created by the general calculus above, ruptures through the 
 calculus or in the calculus. This breaks down as follows:

Ruptures in the calculus:
 the tortured or wounded body
 the body convulsed in pain
 the catatonic body
 the terrorized body
 the broken or 'defective' body

Ruptures through the imaginary:
 the nightmare
 the orgasm
 hysteria/ boundaries of laughing and crying
 the confined body/ body of s/m
 the forgotten or abandoned body
 the hyper-sexualized body transmitters/ receivers
 hallucinations and other phenomena (Dendy's Philosophy of Mystery)

Ruptures of the body invaded by capital:
 prosthetics
 X-scopic surgeries
 rfid implants

Ruptures of the body invaded by the imaginary:
 (capital of the imaginary, imaginary capital)
 psycho-tropics/overdetermined associations/disassociations

Ruptures of the body by an augmented real:
 sports, steroids, body-building, and so forth

Think of all of this together:

Invasions of the imaginary, invasions of capital, of the augmented real,
 invasions through the imaginary: invasions or invaginations, 
 incorporations or intensifications? These terms entangle and return to:

Either the proper body, or the body as heap;
 the articulated body, or the dismembered and reassembled body;
 the body characterized by a real, or the body chararacterized 
 by an imaginary;

Either the fundamental topography of the body, 
 or the fundamental topology of the body - invasions, dissolutions, 
ruptures.

Ruptures as returns of the repressed - some questions to be considered:

What lexicons are at work? What economies?
What is it that motion capture captures? 
What is snared, what abandoned?
What is the vocabulary of behavioral dynamics - voluntary, autonomic,
 involuntary, intrinsic - or involuntary, anomalous and axiomatic, 
 extrinsic?
In other words: What is going on with us, within and without the world?

