=

 Part 3: the Wringing: Part 2: Addendum: Quotes from Rudolf Laban:

V. WRINGING.

wringing--is flexible, sustained, strong.


Wringing can vary from a pulling to a twisting movement,and is felt more 
easily in the shoulders, arms and hands than in the hips and legs. The 
feeling of strength must not be lost, as the slow muscular resistance felt 
in pressing is also present in this effort, but wringing produces a 
different sensation as the joints move more flexibly.

At first, wringing should be felt in the hands, as in wringing out 
clothes, and then extended, using different parts of the body. The whole 
body can be set into a wringing motion--for example in yawning.

Wringing movements of the arms can be directed into various zones, the 
most important as far as exercises are concerned being down forwards 
outwards, but there are many possibilities--with each arm separately, or 
both together, wringing downwards, upwards, across, sideways, forwards and 
backwards, extending into space in all directions.

Wringing should also be experienced in other parts of the body, such as 
the shoulders, trunk, hips, legs, not only extending into space away from 
the body, but towards it. Other possible variations are wringing simultan- 
eously with both arms in different directions, or wringing with different 
parts of the body into various directions; for example, wringing the trunk 
in a backwards-bending movement and doing the same action with arms 
sideways high, _et cetera._

[...]

"Indulging with" Space and Time, and "fighting against" Weight, which is 
the essence of wringing, develops a valuable control and gives and 
entirely different movement-experience from that gained by doing simple 
twisting exercises. The counter-tensions involved produce a different kind 
of bound flexibility from that met with in any other form of physical 
activity.

(Rudolf Laban, Modern Educational Dance, 1948, pp. 63-65.)


Thank you for allowing me to present this material. If you have any 
questions, please contact me; again, apologies for not being able to 
present this in person.

