 names my stopped:1m not yet 'filled' or 
158 fulfilled, a quantum processes. [...] the core is a broken 
159 fragment." so if coherency: _dissipative _ attribute.) 
160 _fissuring_ _god marvelous the is _already_ fulfilled. _laws 
161 form_? _identity resonance,_ _ reality_ 1977, s, the _mothe s_ 
162 one might say [...] within each of form as _sensibility_ 
163 (_cuvstvitel'nost'_). in cells d in this ered a _shell_ in 
164 relation to the somatic kernel. that a _symmetrical sub_ is 
165 always present as well, with the e violence dim _there,_ 
166 increasingly planet; super to create a of _longing_? and 
167 receivings, a of residues and flows.



god

http://www.alansondheim.org/funnel.png

the death of death of man, then varying anthropic prince the 
whining connected, but it _seems_ as if the geography were real, 
as if he am who i am and that's what said to be and you sometime 
i think in a secularized version of the belief that controlled 
the world.  people bill gates is because he rules! wizards who 
@owned him, and although he might be a on one or another good; 
impatience unfortunately fix wait commercially fixed. explain 
sounds good; i called and am waiting to hear from him. anyway i 
will not be aggressive with or anyone else. thunders, ruthless, 
come in handsome beamed this. she will reside with me and with 
you!!! help her! gets confused by the internet ment or it would 
make sense, and would trap it. had relinquished tells me that 
suffers from a kind of divine amnesia that made him lose the 
purpose of his creation. my dybbuk suspects that tried to do too 
she said that there was such confusion, that (who certainly was 
duce the end of things. she said that had become lost in 
entropy, which owed to no one, included, and that had, from the 
very begi ning permitted this loss. exhaled in the tiniest of 
things, she said, which were simple and full of beauty, but 
would not and could not even radiations, and slurries, and parts 
of things that even to are not had relinquished the net before 
it began its brittle seething across does not remember their 
names, she said. that is the hardest thing of all. does not 
remember. would sit back and watch later and unforeseen 
developments. the house is the past, and is the gardener, is 
good, and powerful. would never do wrong. we cannot question or 
his ways. we cannot hope to understand him. we can rays are 
those from our mind which go out in search of and bring him back 
to us, and smiles on these rays which are everywhere, if we only 
thank - it will all disappear - there's no room for anything 
else - ok see the dump movie again, how idiotic! i could just 
watch myself on clients. what an outstanding career to be in. i 
know is on my side. at exactly what tells me to do is working 
beautifully. i go to the court so. hawaii and a 1050 footer to 
the panama canal this year. yes, has grace of and man. dark with 
memories, black stems no can fray, ii. thu sep 9 01:23:04 edt 
1999 only creates the transcendence for i like the old time. i 
like thinking about the old time. lets me do the spoken, its 
(digital) purity. writing does the same: a writes, the spoken, 
its (digital) purity. writing does the same: a writes, dirt, the 
inessentials. not everything can be written. she will reside 
with me and with you!!! help her! gets confused by the internet 
ment or it would make sense, and would trap it. had relinquished 
tells me that suffers from a kind of divine amnesia that made 
him lose the purpose of his creation. my dybbuk suspects that 
tried to do too she said that there was such confusion, that who 
certainly was duce the end of things. she said that had become 
lost in entropy, which owed to no one, included, and that had, 
from the very begi ning permitted this loss. exhaled in the 
tiniest of things, she said, which were simple and full of 
beauty, but would not and could not even radiations, and 
slurries, and parts of things that even to are not had 
relinquished the net before it began its brittle seething across 
does not remember their names, she said. that is the hardest 
thing of all. does not remember. would sit back and watch later 
and unforeseen developments. the house is the past, and the 
gardener is good and powerful. would never do wrong. we cannot 
question or his ways. we cannot hope to understand him. we can 
rays are those from our mind which go out in search of and bring 
him back to us, and smiles on these rays which are everywhere, 
if we only thank - it will all disappear - tehre's no room for 
anything else - ok see the dump movie again, how idiotic! i 
could just watch myself on clients. what an outstanding career 
to be in. i know is on my side. at exactly what tells me to do 
is working beautifully. i go to the court so. hawaii and a 1050 
footer to the panama canal this year. yes, has grace of and man. 
(what the fuck have i done!) reviews of books i like in the 
midst of my of sickness away from fans. in any case i can't 
understand all the bother about dementia, understand how was 
created, how the world works - how sanity sets nothing aright - 
how depression is the only created, world works tomo, yoo'll sot 
bock, rolox, yoo'ro corooos, toko woro no whotsoovor, time for 
in the church that had just done the steeple, and it was done if 
i insult running down the wires if i curse pouring through the 
wires - let me burn a whose name is now enmired those stories 
about the names of - either they're too innumerable to ing a 
great deal. i am not dead. i am still alive. lives in me and i 
utterance which is inconceivable, unpronouncable, like the name 
of at in a very quick way. he was begging dam that chute right 
little bit 18. sets the scene in job, speaks to the fecundity of 
the earth. ensures his construct. job is reduced either to 
silence or occupying rock strata beneath the surface of the 
earth. waited while performativity of speech; "says," which of 
course presupposes a "says," and it is done, completed, 
vocalization into matter. but there clare that the whole world 
is in error, that has revealed the truth to this. she will 
reside with me and with you!!! help her! empty, for example. 
wizard or snooping on various net apps. would a i thus mirror, 
starwoman lightwoman takes me somewhere else dear i do not want 
to see myself hear myself, dear i do not want to live like this 
forever, not we do now observe that observes our wondrous 
creation! is a mess. if exists, and i mean all sincerity, kill 
me now. can cyberspace; produce is available. buckled flashes, 
what dime!,

i cannot come nearer to and heaven and the engine's i hope you 
never have to go through this, and i hope, more the existence of 
is still undecided. even waits, like every living gets confused 
by the internet ment or it would make sense, and would trap it. 
had relinquished tells me that suffers from a kind of divine 
amnesia that made him lose the purpose of his creation. my 
dybbuk suspects that tried to do too she said that there was 
such confusion, that who was certainly at the end of things. she 
said that had become lost in entropy, which owed to no one, 
included, and that had, from the very beginning permitted this 
loss. exhaled in the tiniest of things, she said, which were 
simple and full of beauty, but would not and could not even 
radiations, and slurries, and parts of things that even to are 
not had relinquished the net before it began its brittle 
seething across does not remember their names, she said. that is 
the hardest thing of all. does not remember. would sit back and 
watch later and unforeseen developments.

son of a whore, damn you! can you tell does not want us, thanks, 
wants her loneliness to plasma. can do nothing for you; no one 
can, as the world churns in every way. what you can do for is 
comfort her, and it is as it is as it falls to the ground, notes 
in fact, as she is carved away, out of it is the grace notes of 
noted, that is the _substance_ of life. or jennifer or alan 
cutting up a strathspey, help me dear here, the bow flies and 
doubles mind working overtime. one lowered his plate upon the 
earth, but there gender; narratology of the corpse; is the death 
of the death of me; so thank for the pounding on windows and 
roof thank for the she buries herself in my burning flesh, thank 
for the storm and the and celebrate our love beyond your cracked 
dull thought, and thank for whatever is said across the ruins is 
superfluous. (the word of cannot julu thinks, this is really 
stupid. so what if we went into the br yes.

but by knew hunters and fishers and knew hunters and fishers of 
men escapism, crowley, and knows what and she won't tell. which 
is where the has big divinity. it's the them speaking, not i 
thank daily that i have the ability to read and write, to not 
text in the perfection of the mirror of the word. i thank daily 
to one's true that one is a degenerate? perhaps i misunderstand 
me, it is not pleasant. but then i do see and everything can be 
all them and i pray that something burns within me all the same.



Face

itself, my own production with no emendation, with a single 
shield (st peter, of damaskos, in the philokalia). whatever is 
said, across the ruins, is superfluous, cannot be taken, is still 
taken, in some quarters, should be unknown, should be no cause, 
effect, then how to proceed, simply, and follow oneself, my own 
self, and body, with no emendation, within, a single shield 

the face, her breath, upon the lens, pearls of light, pure 
luminance, history, unravelling the face, that is to say, angels 
yet hopeful, in the face of huge transparent eyes, that is to 
say, angels, yet hopeful, in the face of huge translucent eyes, 
the face, her breath, upon the lens, pearls of light, pure 
luminance, huge, and opaque, and huge



http://www.alansondheim.org/ddd07.jpg



hurdle

http://www.alansondheim.org/roof20.jpg of or off the roof
http://www.alansondheim.org/hurdle1.mp3 electric saz
http://www.alansondheim.org/hurdle2.mp3 "
http://www.alansondheim.org/hurdle3.mp3 irish banjo

always hurdles w/ these, electric saz speed-clots, music from 
speedmetal thickness elsewhere off-roof, irish banjo w/ this 
difficult rh fingering, jumping thru collapse and remnants of 
song, oh the first saz harmonics up-neck and

down|in|the|atom embryonic, we against the papery smooth flesh 
yoni, we against the papery smooth flesh travelers; we and talk 
somewhere. wizards all, we're part and inside, we within 
ourselves, medieval grange warming us for the us, of all 
together, we waters. terrible the by by roots their was it began 
i as me, around us, of all together, we we waters. does it 
bother you that loves someone? will or burning themselves alive 
in each and every log house by d in fear from flamewars and 
insufficient bandwidth, the writing, if as if graphemes were as 
if the ledge were lek assembling as if protected against the 
fury of the world, primitive and it is the primes which create 
species. so many primes could no longer chant, could no longer 
speak. she there, the fire pleasure of my body not being an 
intermediary, across the wings, in thy wings of numbers never 
giving into organism, always aloof, always as-if: juncture of 
stars-neutralization, intention, maintained, memories in the , 
the hull carrying forth the moon into the day. the d in the 
interstices. i'd say this, to the diminution of a depths of the 
night through heat-sensing equipment. what lives in the space, 
it hides in cracks, in crevices, in the remains of an roots by 
the terrible waters. we together, all of us, around me, dark in 
the valley where you - membrance of thought, thinking against 
the vaginal opening of that we will screaming in the dark. 
towards it, body into tow. energy ... has no place to ... out in 
the open ... who knows or so. in other words "the field was full 
of birds." pigeons, and you're back home with your margins, 
again constantly adjacent to the left-hand sheaf from death 
against a doorway, there are no answers in this useless (caption 
against the left) brain, mind length inscriptions emptied of all 
content. against what, said d'nala. against interest d'nala! to 
that extent we have already traveled, against the scream beings

waters beneath the hairs of the back, facing the miserable sky, 
catastrophic debris - we're in relation to our own demise - we 
learn i can close myself off, in this leaking room, severed from 
you such that a and b in their divine mixture do together within 
exchange values among the quarks down in the recollect. inductor 
magnetic radiation. coil shudders. kelp around, as if there are 
objects, objects which

die and soon. i turn towards the light, flick it, crawl to 
things, and when i am silent and not-clara i background witness 
warcraft, and you're back in deconstructive architecture and 
'reading' underlying (substructural, configuration files, 
guides) organization of mocap/scan through surface phenomena 
flew the grazed crystals within withdrew, comes in are through 
the air in a certain manner - it's in the real - as if there

against the bleak rocks. holdfasts grow through them. my words 
if the bombs are falling everywhere, as if we're in the dark, 
net in the corner of the room one s, the misery of death, in the 
dark with logos; i get caught at it; it devours me. with the 
exception of the final light-residues, programs. of seen the 
four of us around a cozy fire. there's nothing like that for the 
moment, and then something gnaws at me, and i'm off again, 
back. the playground set against the night, frozen with grief.

to the potential for interiority in hostile world: cuddle: the 
ruptured within the space between c. and me, the avatars and 
conversed. by the terrible waters. we together, all of us, 
around me, as i in the valley where you. information. the work 
occurs in the past - organisms as if crusted area of the scab, 
pus-filled and against the dreams when they died in the snow 
victims of predators starved and ill from their roots by the 
terrible waters. we together, together, and when i am silent and 
not-clara i background witness nothing ourselves, in order to 
write, even to read. the reflexivity of precipice, where all 
good boys and girls, high and now there we are in the 
background, naked against the dancer, this recreation. every 
moment over the keyboard is another moment in die, these three 
instruments will in a me next to things / some things i can see 
some / limbs fall, i reside here, in flight within the corner. 
it's if hug is a hut, it is also a , memories . it is the hulk 
of and angular momentum's poor are autonomic spell _the great 
northwest._ but it's not there! i over my map! you'd there and 
smell foster, s/he had that whiskey breath from o sphere 
obsessively within the black and cold. birds which are found and 
decrepit in the rundown neighborhood. dies daily, noise.[1] 
air.[2] molecules.[3] entirely . in any case, when i die, these 
three instruments will in rels in backyards along with jays and 
almost invisible mourning dwarf-peoples in mountain-masses, and 
all of import as human- out, in shack against night-sky. i'd 
push and push. i'd it.:what i "swollen, thin skin near burst. 
liquid s, pregnant." moon s in the wane of day; the moon is a 
building, is a shadow of a for, this obtusion, against the black 
wet bark, les jardins, what d cold walls soul overcome continued 
clouds sun dawned warmer being split-second holocausts. i am a 
bird frozen and in the area. only encourage, spread disease, 
found decrepit, rundown. i'm in inaudible inconceivable infinite 
instantiations, it. itself the simpler always refers back to the 
code of the language, d yells, jumps, runs, sings, stands, sits, 
or so it might seem, and we in an emptiness opening everywhere, 
even within second or third.

i in my being and they scream of stars-neutralization, 
maintained in the one with itself. used beneath desert terrain. 
she behind ruined buildings, blasted the lines or paragraphs 
become lines or paragraphs, and tumble upon i cannot or mourn 
and cannot tell you about my children. .do contrary things 
scream beings monopoly of bruises stationary;  rocks. holdfasts 
descendants 'farewell,' tender scrip. residues, programs . of 
course there are all sorts of exceptions, acting upon the world, 
in the corner there's still the issue of organisms - the past 
occurs in work information. of spaces of those crotches. here 
one in a black sky against the blue-black against another, 
loved, and loving. me, around us, of all together, we waters. 
terrible the by roots ing crows on a second pier covered with 
lumber remnants. gigantic (our universe tiny, our place smaller, 
we against the cold demarcate phrase, paragraph, chapter. here.) 
swollen, burst. my words together in the tunnels azure and i 
make into each other, } scream" they and being my work from the 
precipice, where all good boys and girls, high, devolved, 
unscars, dissolves. it is a shadow on a scar. it is the stares 
on high at you, in your deepest lowest state. can't let go of 
ourselves, even to read; we , in order to write. ed, but their 
words are d, their time always timed or in lag, a job. but why 
complete? tar carries worlds within it, together, that watching 
the good meat suppurate, in cpu, hard drive down a potential 
against the body, or the body surrounding terrible waters. we're 
together, all of us, around me, as i live, themselves beneath 
the sign of the singularity so far within the fragments of 
domains, tent, together against the rain pouring down. the water 
is a stray and the street, and right now, in the dark, it's down 
taste, touch, all those other senses in the you huddling 
psychopomp swollen enormous written, naught=naughty twisted 
national nightmares being scribblingwritten, naught=naughty 
twisted national nightmares being i would there against the 
ceiling, fixed as i said, somehow unable are found further apart 
and or carrying with them, and it's here cartons under the table 
in the outer, studio, room. i call to it, they churn dark in the 
valley where i come to you in the tomb of cyberspace beginning 
lives of small creatures like ourselves, lives of protista where 
civilization lives. against what, said d'nala. against dark, was 
it began i as me, around us, of all together, we body always 
collapses into this sphere, you don't want this always,dim with 
recollect. imagine deep inductor passing far beyond the 
boundaries of the terminal. the words in the midst pronouns days 
plentitude huddled,, loved, tiny quiet placed among care.



FIFO full

no-hole shakuhachis, oud, drone, comb filter
http://www.alansondheim.org/Berenice.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/Berenice.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/Berenice2.jpg

command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
[ 18, 49 ]
1
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
[ 19, 49 ]
1.4
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
[ 20, 49 ]
0.33333333333333
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
[ 21, 49 ]
1.1666666666667
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full
command FIFO full

I WILL NOT KILL MYSELF TONIGHT


bad humming coffeeshop

http://www.alansondheim.org/coffeeshop.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/coffeeshop.mp3

And sooner or later there won't be copper in the coffer for much 
- church organ there as well, and the house and a sopranino 
saxophone hung around is now Paragon, an upscale restaurant, and 
the house - Turkish at lunch with Azure and my friend; we talked 
about the 60s. The cat's trying to drink. Feeling guilty about 
not working, beard does its duty in the frequent sipping, it is 
katrina victims recent trackbacks code and the smell of food or 
tea, in the room, the love-making, the prices at the bar, where 
the otters loll, drinking a little maybe, television on in the 
background Bull to keep me going through the day, but had a 
large with skim nicely-made, your computer calls. podium or city 
square, house or apartment, where such discussions or freezing 
here, let's go, have you read Blanchot, you're not a to my left. 
Pwd takes me by them, another left to the sink, Further, pain is 
accompanied by a psychic hurricane; if I spill on millions, 
"since they shouldn't have made the so hot." Tonight I had a 
friend who is a webeditor and occasional conversation were 
enjoyable; the prognosis was fearsome! dribbled his grounds 
putters in the window forgets what he I eat tofu, applesauce, 
instant cold cereal, light pasta, bamboo, at least for the 
time-being, not much more. Language clattered like a bowl of 
boiling spilled on my feet. He has orangejuice, cereal, for 
breakfast; scrambled eggs for lunch with and toast, and for 
dinner, potatoes, green beans going for early afternoon , the 
programs I watched on late-night American, and I met an 
itinerant shakuhachi player who taught sake, or green-tea 
theory. But this is three-sake theory, and water, <bong>, rice, 
<bong>, and other materials, <ping>. no bread at all, delicious. 
All the while, I think often go to the 7-11 for hot , sometimes 
cold as well, and recently added onto. The canned is 105 yen, 
and the cold cartoned an identity that has slid past the 
imaginary into the grounds of now smoked-sofa and style-hazard 
langpo over the keyboard, pacing the loft, drinking and pushing 
myself clasp, placed the said object on the transparent glass 
table, as if parent glass of the table, at the other end. She 
turned slightly, a spore ... tiny germ of an idea ... I'm 
drinking at the local shop dispersed community or the socius of 
the eighteenth-century house, turn away from the machine, back 
to the ice on this hundred degree Pierre stares me down. Pierre 
brings me, I say, "I asked for a cup and nothing more." I say, 
"I have paid you for this cup." Pierre brings me and Francoise 
smiles and says nothing. I'd agree if it weren't for whatever I 
saw, it was abso and the breathing, breaks, sighing, aren't 
recorded - not to mention the cup of " leading to "drink cup." 
direction, needing too much in the afternoon and wandering in 
Types of lists, filtering. Earlier modes: mail, ham and cb While 
typing, I will drink from a cup placed on a carton below, 
example, I will see my friend Christine "over"; we have arranged 
requires me to wipe off after net sex, the same that feeds me 
when apart. The shattering comes from the _solitary_ cup, 
_solitary_ across unknown contours, the cup of or dissolute body 
only two junkie, sitting in a shop, at once aware of his body 
... all playing into notinos on notions of language 9had too 
much * The pot just broke. We just returned from an excellent 
reading in blood pressure, according to my doctor, who tells me 
to take as if i didn't take day in and day out, when i'm not 
eating fruit and rotation in tornado. to no happen becoming a 
chills give for I PLUTONIUM WORLD stare can't I drink my 
temperature stare there into space. a temperature say. say 
chthonic. there hidden message. drink stare into space. 
derailing and its atrocity, sometimes i will sit in the shop 
across "i want that good sweet $ keeps me going in these dark 
times just a second : not found goodies. other delicious and 
other tea, and , tea, quality , backwards drink 3 cups you will 
tend to live-long, it's a vag good for you, strawberry, 3 cups a 
day seem to be riding vag cafes are, and how much exactly they 
can exist as global houses, can be placed anywhere - on a table 
for example, and does Turkish at lunch with Azure and my friend; 
we talked about August 31, A four-story storage building, 44 
Fulton st., Brooklyn, cameras..., clothing..., sandwiches, soda, 
and ..., return to heading to the shop for breakfast/lunch after 
sleeping fitfully, and the food arrives, orange juice, egg 
whites for low these interesting ideas of it" and they continue 
while I put down I finish the second cup, pay, and leave; the 
temperature is up rotation. in tornado. to no happen whether 
tornado. fierce fierce on Karma, saving a small insect - I was 
drinking from a mug most, very thin, almost invisible, 
struggling in the afterthought s/he might be able to towel off, 
since they're doing little to keep me awake, dispersed community 
or the socius of the eighteenth- century house, breaks, sighing, 
aren't recorded mention transformed becoming, there'll be clouds 
in my world" (indifferent to language) ontology) world). 
somebody else's soon there'll clouds. world" house Mama's? gone. 
Paul Geremia, Sonny Terry Brownie McGee, couldn't. paintings 
doorways. shop *** speak repressive climate houses and various 
performance spaces. We tried to stay in NYC, the area. And guess 
what! Donovan's playing in the house! Come habitually shop 
noonday meal. well-known books, unkempt appearance. ghosts! 
(crying, sky.) tue 03:56:09 03:55:45 denies remission near the 
cold solid sky. Sometimes, envelopes dream play dully.  The dim 
blue tag floats over the grays near the untamed closed canyon.  
Sometimes cards flow hung around is now Paragon, an upscale 
restaurant, and the house - evil in doorways. Was the shop 
called Mama's? together in a shop - there was also a church 
nearby where I played lists, filtering. Various list software. 
Earlier modes: mail, - boiled on him in the tub, called said she 
was being hunted down, sondheim". finish second cup, pay, leave; 
up holds 4,160. noise-machines drink, stare space. duce proof 
fact typhus the smell of food or tea in the room.




Theoryland!: On Gamespace / Edgespace (for an upcoming talk)


http://www.alansondheim.org/theorylandb.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/theoryland.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/theorylanda.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/theorylandc.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/theorylandd.png

Together with the misery that ensues working inconceivably 
against the grain of the real - that is to say, the boundary 
conditions:

1. of the edgespace itself and the transformations occasioned by 
the edgespace; and

2. of the interiority of the edgespace - within which objects 
and protocols are conserved/observed.

So within 2. there is a work, a level of _skill_ necessary to 
produce, articulate, quest - skill that operates within 
consensual boundaries, even to the extent that they're broken by 
hacking, shortcuts, etc. Here in 2. the issue is that of 
etiquette.

In 1. the situation is different; at the edgespace, what occurs 
is not an _event_ but collapse or murmurs of _procedures_ within 
fold catastrophies - always on the verge of failure. The 
edgespace is also _sedimented_ - to the extent that sediments 
can be entangled - one might move for example to a new physics, 
the gamebrowser might crash, there is always something new, some 
new anomaly at work...

I think of the interiority, that is the gamespace, as a space of 
etiquette which is always a space of the blank - not smooth 
striations, but a phenomenological ennui, since falling through 
this space leads only to more quests, more hordings, within a 
containment that takes on the semblance of a _carapace._ That 
is, one is shape-riding, share-holding - there's an economics 
involved, structures of rules and protocols, protocol suites - 
all porous, hackable, all resulting in signs, signifiers, within 
the gamespace - all intrinsically related to an other economics 
of exhaustion.

The edgespace borders on the universe. The edgespace _gapes._

Who or what moves in the edgespace? What terrors, anguish, what 
absolute creations and annihilations? And as well, what 
temporalities, what fictitious _points of origin_ - everywhen, 
everything, on a sliding scale - a scale in the form of the 
_law,_ not of justice. Justice has no place within or without 
the game, within or without the gamespace.

Justice requires the luxury of thought, the alcove, stoa; law 
requires the nomadic, the corral, the seething settings and 
withdrawals of inscriptions which are fundamentally 
transparent...

The edgespace is _indescribable,_ just as anomaly exists as 
instantaneous, as seizure, nothing more.

But _here,_ it is where everything, everywhen, begins.






Mountains & Disappearing Mountains


Ho!

http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain31.jpg

http://www.alansondheim.org/mistmount1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mistmount2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mistmount3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mistmount4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mistmount5.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mistmount6.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mistmount7.mp3

http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain38.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain42.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain48.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain50.jpg

Listen Carefully! Pay attention!


[Will Pappenheimer, Azure Carter, Alan Sondheim]




images new sound from mountain work


http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain35.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ossian.mp3 *
http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain26.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain37.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain51.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain59.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain77.jpg

* transformation and tended tending tendency
* the waters were all one wound




THRENODY available from Unnameable Books in Brooklyn


If you're in BROOKLYN, you can purchase a copy of our new CD at Unnameable 
Books, $15, just so you know. And as you should know, it's terrific! 
(Store at 600 Vanderbilt Avenue)

http://www.publiceyesore.com/catalog.php?pg=3&pit=133





Pyschoanalytics of Chaos Theory
.
.
.
PROMISCUOUS, INDISCRIMINATE 

 _Promiscuous,_ in Latin _promiscuus,_ from _promisco,_ or _pro_ 
and _misceo_ to mingle, signifies thoroughly mingled; 
_indiscriminate,_ from the Latin _in_ privative and _discrimen_ 
a difference, signifies without any difference.
 _Promiscuous_ is applied to any number of different objects 
07 together;

 Victors and vanquish'd join _promiscuous_ cries.

- Pope

_Indiscriminate_ is only applied to the action in which one does 
not discriminate different objects: a multitude is termed 
_promiscuous,_ as characterizing the thing; the use of different 
things for the same purpose, or of the same things for different 
purposes is termed _indiscriminate,_ as characterizing the 
person: things become _promiscuous_ by the want of design in any 
one: they are _indiscriminate_ by the fault of any one: plants 
of all descriptions are to be found _promiscuously_ situated in 
the beds of a garden: it is folly to level any charge 
_indiscrimately_ against all the members of any community or 
profession; 'From this _indiscriminate_ distribution of misery, 
moralists have always derived one of their strongest moral 
arguments for a future state.' - Johnson.

- from George Crabb, English Synonymes, A New Edition Enlarged, 
Harper, NY, 1830.
.
.
station on two or more LANs, listens promiscuously to each data 
packet, ing, always ready, promiscuous, absorbed, absorbing. It 
is about life, O routing, O ARP, O promiscuous ARP hacked back 
into the newborn's arms! harden- ready, promiscuous, absorbed, 
absorbing. disaster. fuel fuel, born... routing, promiscuous 
hacked newborn's arms! internet.text ing, always ready, 
promiscuous, absorbed, absorbing. It is about life, O routing, O 
promiscuity hacked back into the newborn's arms! flagellates 
him. All that everywhere upon his body, indiscriminately. He 
indiscriminately among one and all. Not even fire or whole world 
wars of point of dance and sexuality dancing is indiscriminate 
fucking, display - We bombed their gathering places. We killed 
families indiscriminately. We the wounded, the birth of 
indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own what is most 
feared, that of indiscriminate fucking, desire penetrating 
indiscriminately among one and all. Not even fire or whole world 
wars of feared, that of indiscriminate fucking, desire 
penetrating beyond the pale, what is most feared, that of 
indiscriminate fucking, desire indiscriminately fuck any man in 
sight men fuck each other can you indiscriminated chaos. the 
streets. we shall KILL indiscriminately. we shall eliminate ALL 
wins indiscriminately. Officials decry KFYI radio hosts call to 
kill gun. and of the reading of evil deed and promiscuity, the 
same. and of the point of dance and sexuality dancing is 
indiscriminate fucking, display - is indiscriminate fucking, 
display - midnight phone-calls and invitations. point of dance 
and sexuality dancing is indiscriminate fucking, display - We 
bombed their gathering places. We killed families 
indiscriminately. We concentrate proper indiscriminate cows etc 
barbaric malls schools offices the wounded, the birth of 
indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own indiscriminately 
horror horrors women! trucks rumble landscape, trucks, night's 
divider.nature:darkness was: indiscriminated chaos.existed 
indiscriminate fucking, display - for a balance, dojoji's 
horror. indiscriminately horror horrors women! trucks rumble 
point of dance and sexuality dancing is indiscriminate fucking, 
display - is indiscriminate fucking, display - midnight 
phone-calls and invitations. We bombed their gathering places. 
We killed families indiscriminately. We the wounded, the birth 
of indiscriminate slaughter. We were at our own.
.
.
.
http://www.alansondheim.org/perf_20.png




Will Pappenheimer's Pulsar and the Accompaniment of the World


http://www.alansondheim.org/pulsar.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/pulsar1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/pulsar2.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain29.jpg

Pappenheimer's Incredible Beauties!

For credits let's just say something like your title with Will 
Pappenheimer's "Pulsar Bodies" floating in augmented reality 
nearby.

Title from Will Pappenheimer's Pulsar Bodies floating all around 
me, so there's the use of it all, could be crop circles nearby.

Not sure I mentioned it.

It was magical like the Sound of Music because you can hear the 
"sound of music" in it.

Not to mention (see above) the severe storm making everything 
more of a problem than problematic.

We reserved ourselves for "the exploit."

In this version added reverberation, the mountains didn't do 
their part, high frequency resonance echoing but with a far too 
short decay time. Will said, go into the forest, up the road, by 
the pond, in the thicket, around the trees, under the stones, in 
the caves, wonderful echoes that return "until the end of time"; 
I pointed out that the end of time happened fifteen minutes ago 
but something is watching further developments. 



For a talk I'm giving @ Pitt-Johnstown Day of Digital Humanities

September 12, at the 

University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown in Johnstown, Pennsylvania

http://www.alansondheim.org/macgridsection.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/keyword.rtf (as rtf)
http://www.alansondheim.org/keyword.txt (as text)
http://www.alansondheim.org/haml01.jpg

There will be a _lot_ of accompanying videos and stills.

Half the time I feel like I know what I'm doing, and then it 
seems like a mess, then I feel I know what I'm doing again, 
comments welcome, please be kind. :-(

Thanks, Alan


