
stonestone

http://www.alansondheim.org/stonestone3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/stonestone.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/stonestone1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/stonestone2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/stonestone4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/stonestone5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/stonestone6.png

of what do I fear but to speak alone[
when I am in presence of the magic stone!
[

ideogrammar beneath one's a and fire earth clo   by carving 
matters these beyond jewel curved lm the clouds the for on 
another another she's or cliff granite schist nikuko doesn't 
know she sets erman one of artificial cut into basic shapes died 
oulder am thrust ice surrounding desire to annihilate every has 
its mandate speck faces   dusk cloths embrochures in around 
square   k +    flug "inscribe nuj matrix"   axes great midden 
tools remember walking along one    i have reached wall hears oh 
swollen breasts like pebble plate tree picture picture pebble 
not even an atom beauty ray blue white light olis piece which 
paved reopagus thens plate with rock tomb engraved french 
theorist towards stepping  position it's way half way from 
microchips out street it occurs just small will fast while is 
produced process throat contin  place work stream mouth we were 
eating delicious blueberries woods stepping contribute kernel 
idea idea itself ing perhaps gentle

    cap crisis dante knight hall mag auch die spiegelung rown 
                            owl ifu signified kidney fucked my 
outlet core       seal they say                     black     
death innumerable sex peak ong ing ake wilderness distant 
incessant profound cave code language second body oracle r 
perfection he perfect duplication exterior machpelah bought 
field parchment papyrus tablets walls sacrifice |v| family 
temple shrine defend gods divine gag men said iograph irl got 
get some ey

 ops spring rain cloudy day her fingers tracing runes violent 
faith knowing word kenning magne  jello kal bullshit shower apl 
jelly golfer maplesyrup creation may fall is  * lament what 
might been *  brick withstands strongest storms windows are clod 
earth embraces bark yes mist creatures slightest o murmur murmur 
think phallic dampness wet moss backways there then rails 
against totality writes dubious totality almost as if alan 
wishes kumu lani thence shepherd help almighty who wants engrave 
everything sand ur * his parable inspired at

 akozaki hrine rises hrist sardine his same referred large 
pounded jelly hen he threw sea t carve this memory
 nstrument  was lightening immediately above  ellow  ational 
 ark evolved there    invasion   otential contamination hot 
 arnell  atten  atts  ein  eishaus  eiss  hitehead  iebke  ilson 

human handled tools only stop mind beyond playing blocks two 
everlasting abacus no moves moving none all proposal began 
changeconnector scenery chinese harness sadness sheng level 
acrosssloped land up wide stairs risers al  block field 
something encrusted bottom recall adding surfaces time goes on

 ow many water dead 'natural di m ary mi vehicle ter point 
useless city lder rother ond open country ong ake large e called 
'circumstance' let me turn brick flesh hair you be there 
obdurate remarked unremarked heading coming rumbling oddly 
shaped lime formations entrance real hut mountains o measure 
     side highway would three heat you ternal ove od your 
blessings fall adies beautiful breasts safely   filbert glad 
casework leaves moats stupas gaijin head smashed among them   
deeds!   mass   dread finality within seems personal mile cdrom 
say never tenorpsp teeth sweep stuck still space south pp nl 
paperpp       sp left hand channel forms touch architectures 
reinforced concrete ramparts tell harder pagoda whose stories 
often less than o ap ante night all ag

 piegelung cepa george meyers bloom notes selections blatant 
artifice sexuality hild ere left threshold pain things that had 
seen his dreams ut wander cessation comprehension such dreary 
carving yet mark him nothing but position in relation sanskrit 
letters inscribed depict various images ascertain cause 
construct chasing   demons! hosts them! nest wilt thou

 orelei acharach where now evil melted dream first brothers 
reported eternity hardened writing should eternal come future 
joints overlaid grooves double matrix corner violence text 
violation fabric ou need cloud flower voice extruded form 
inscribe rthousands corporeal general public onyx gihon ethiopia 
hiddekel goeth toward east assyria scattered hail pouring 
lavender down !locked chain! ruby jade necklace amber gem star 
sapphire ebony chariot shudders grooves set road

 ecause that's about minimal wearing fraction age" because
 ongress other limited resistance   nd describe grey rectangular 

blocks laid side through trajectory hand ax reification focusing 
energy vertical angled north north west seat digital print 
inheres technology this ground pocked solution holes craggier 
middle day return night mirroring alan name always disruption 
memoir disrupt real calling result perfection oj rgchness 
dullness tropgcs eaten algve "the richness tropics alive 
traveling saw before massive thin wire cliffs over turned pain 
trakl whip collapses reading well

 "m organ wind body's pinned bless heaven deep lieth tone 
thermophilic bacteria live springs     shrines can massive 
cement wood steel don't shelf shoot signs tenor cueua ! r 
hornyorn a ! r k ! rled grace ghost like apparition self or both 
interpenetrate pagoda ghosts curled tiny towers damps mists 
showed snake crabholes everywhere huge flock mirror stromatolite 
fossil hole bull gift others herself giving night queries 
ideogrammar calls forth impetus rolling hill shown remembered 
hen penetrated remained silent little further on came peculiarly 
ailed him ground evanescence accretions marl peat periphyton 
surface holes refuge everglades dynamic confluence wires driven 
incomplete our speaking thinking skins and hollow transparent 
ghost thuds rotated text continues right left upper dissolves 
ancient hanko ink bodies tangle kanji worn out jam listen 
jennifer nikuko jam listening deogrammar deogrammar t matter 'm 
naked well v s y clenched fist air helpless continue fragile 
non existent also appear novel death n tree world ut it chiasmus 
limit" "noise parasitic following omens tudied tools

 tekelis ible story formations amphiboles separated orlds analog 
playground rd grade turquoise sterling someone tablets clay 
guise rea inaity witin entrane atin ere oes change tool 
production foris associate discovered en garden the sand  thing 
everywhere amas darts reveal footprints grain until walked away 
marble cypress cedar juniper gamo precise pass wood shrine 
science truth hardest destined outlast between buildings 
instrument makers lyingacres filigree green centre part pair 
ngraved for celebration ass arbara irlam es longer intense 
mournful wonder how many form careful placing upon   endlessly 
interiors satin retorts workman grind swarf trammed drill 
rubbings antique slightly wear tearenglish wooden architectural 
transforms interior mute dwelling speech haste anything risen 
rained brim overthrew inhabitants pillar marker sign signpost 
gravity grave since thus next producing

     er making  ext grinder appeared warn danger people  
dreamedhand either thisbody isthis notis ball   od misplacement 
coldtolkien jkl  sillywalk galaxian yello daltry! galaga 'a 
gathers moss' primeval matrix   hey cling organic inorganic 
simul  steps dome  bird bird's singing quite melodious  
doestalking   ometime now silence die   alcium walls pond dong 
ting lake spacious  yx  ooper  torm  anomochi  glio  eld 
 mparafacile  uno   r iotta   poor dead broken buried gnawed 
 shit grave  jennifer  piss  vomit edgy sound  lip file  
particular vantage point  looping understood  be  featureless  
circumspect  more slice  embossed plate   lmerico  oulot  hea 
 enja  restain  iefel  ark ddsm   athy mocha hounded  found 
says  dust  past  mound built memory  design reaches 
procreation their lovely birth they've survive valleys  i  was  
so slain supine looking down  flowing feet bridge spans 
fissure vanished! * tablet "congratulations sounds abundant 
splendor     th abraham granada   cradle mocksthronegod's    
apparently reaching appendage  of  through  itself   ot  prings 
 nfluence  euys  bramovich  serves pseudo prosthetic other  past 
grandmother's rhine brooch  crayfish  hole  sane masquerades  
insane cannot lift verb  between  rather  dreams real  blasted 
trees raw earth  there's farmhouse distance   ssyrian reliefs 
royal inscriptions palaces  was  organism takes delight moment 
movement origin  base file structure itself   needs  gat smoke 
feared memory short criterion grow  yomings cemetery brown 
bottomer wbsg oli uslynx nn teamdnet cyberia             ureginu 
 o break bright pieces   hat empathy use  call used put gates 
named soup talk her  history dream rust coal several turns force 
carries sun sky falling baked  crops withered state static 
stdout steep stock stony words etched paper proper practice 
desire's  in you've end stick stoke itself  process 
stroke creation   hink thecine near  alil  hunted middens 
eternity  source stele table  lost eternity  julu  stuffed dirty 
dirt  spit htm super duper luve joss gotta do shorty back ooo 
 he  itan   tlas  stood  achelard's leading runnels rampant 
ground executed  layers fossils ages way



oolwah !!!

http://www.alansondheim.org/conradstairs16.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/oolwah.mp3

yet THAT'S IT! ry dead! wha cyborg babies!  camps, you bas ure! 
yanda yaby yarslaughte, yatwha yawdo yawyou yallca yaryou 
yawhave yanda I from the d you've all pay me wha or I'll gi 
that's the down. wha t'd i [ion discharge] tell you. i'm riding 
monsoon. you're wha hapen afte luve is gon wha hapen afte luve 
is gon See wha happens, there's a glitch in the presentation - 
why not? and is because i of wha ised on ised on 's done. So 
adver of wha of wha ised THAT'S IT! ry dead! wha cyborg babies!  
camps, you bas ure! GENRE = AUSCHWITZ. i'll die ye op charging 
for cul ry is dead! wha cyborg babies! my prison.  YOU THINK I'M 
KIDDING? KILL THE BASTARDS! geopoli ry dead! wha FUCK//g' 
's/LURID 's/\*\/\\\*//g' fg mv ry wha bas ure! ye op cul s eal 
and boys lurid girls and boys ed girls and boys g fg mv ry wha 
bas ure ye [13;25Hsure [7;2H13;30Hwha [13;34H [13;33Ht 
[13;35Hwere [13;40Hlistening wind roams he wind roams ed o be 
feared (because ( rifling (are) wha ed speak? you do au asked, 
[jewish] rabbi asked, [jewish] rabbi y wha hers yanda yaby 
yarslaughte, yatwha yawdo yawyou yallca yaryou yawhave yanda oh 
wha my age every h races of everything else tends towards the 
imaginary: wha t would it be like, like and boys lurid and boys 
ed girls and boys g fg mv ry wha bas cafelate(viola) cafewha 
cain cal1 cal2 cal3 cal4 cal5 cal6 cal7 call0 marks, her canno 
wha change _performa her wha this say wha found $ wha will i do 
wha ax error: `in' unexpec ed found $ wha be wise be wise can i 
say wha found $ where will i yanda yaby yarslaughte, yatwha 
yawdo yawyou yallca yaryou yawhave yanda yet THAT'S IT! ry dead! 
wha cyborg babies!  camps, you bas ure! fg mv ry wha bas ure ye 
op cul girls and boys eal youre he by girls and boys g fg mv ry 
wha bas Attacking girls and boys. They egzp af cu er a lz wha 
direc appears almost hzsteric: can't, and !!! 

and can't
can't
can't
can't
can't !!!



the most wonderful music in the world

http://www.alansondheim.org/cairnphoto18.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thrst0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/thrst1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/thrst2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/thrst3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/thrst5.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/cairnphoto13.jpg

0-3, irish banjo with nylgust standard banjo
2 lowest strings, irish banjo 3rd lowest
string, cura saz highest string,the whole
tuned low; 5, oud. using jump and other
rhythms, a sea of notes and movements of 
untenured sound, 3 played with the banjo 
lying across my lap, all resonant with each
other, all murmuring as if there were condors
in the distance, as if i were condors through
them




the tunnel

http://www.alansondheim.org/mountain14.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/tunnel.mp3

no-hole shakuhachi, comb filter, reverse tunnel 
reverberation

the light at the end of the tunnel. the light at the beginning.
the tunnel's huge arches are arms. the tunnel holds itself.
the tunnel holds itself up. the holding-up of the tunnel
is the tunnel. what the tunnel is, is holding-up. one man holds
up another man and takes something from the other man and it
becomes his. the tunnel is curving and trains and people cannot
enter the tunnel. one person asks what's the hold up, what is
the hold up. the sound continues in the tunnel. the sound 
is at the end.


creation degree zero, but I won't begin the story, I won't begin 
to tunnel through 'death. subway tunnel collapses as plastique 
and .s bombers do their You're not there, you're not there at 
all. The words tunnel around tunnel of the uterine apparatus 
escapes into the thinned atmosphere of cross-roads, wherever a 
crossing-over, bridge-and-tunnel network - easily tunnel 
reverberation effect in final cut pro: the camera cuts between 
the ipmaddr iptunnel irattach irrecv jmx-link jmx-remove jobu 
jumlix the white-light-mother, i'm sinking, the white tunnel 
light looming tunnel of the uterine apparatus escapes into the 
thinned atmosphere of

the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins wounding himself,
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins hurting himself,  
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins slashing himself, 
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins slicing himself,  
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins touching himself,
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins smashing himself, 
the end of the tunnel at his back

phone calls, dilations, screams. You're in a dark tunnel and you 
dream hole of the second hole. I did move and tunnel in the 
midst of the flesh My life becomes a tunnel between bed and 
screen, dream-screen and the tunnel from bed to screen back 
again, way-stations for eating, strings which tunnel towards 
multiple and unknown destinations. Mail Within these 
atmospherics, nodes tunnel into domains of meaning, operators 
packets tunnel through machines that know not their contents, 
carrying of the _ikon._ It doesn't have _the dichotomy._ It 
doesn't _tunnel through cross-roads, wherever a crossing-over, 
bridge-and-tunnel network - easily when the siloam tunnel was 
finally dug out near jerusalem - our holes, we're worms, we 
tunnel into the corpses, there are corpses hiding out as you 
tunnel beneath a beautiful

so on the first photo i wrote "your tunnel / is my light / at 
the end / so then on the second photo i wrote "oh my tunnel 
panties emerge from tiny from zero to anything you say / and you 
go down this tunnel and you watch

emergent engine tunnel - the sound almost tunnel redundancy 
routers servers.  underneath protocols.  splay - the tunnel is 
the space of the nineteenth century - ipmaddr iptunnel irattach 
irrecv jmx-link jmx-remove jobu jumlix ipkg-compare-veruionu 
ipmaddr iptunnel irattach irrecv jmx-link jmx-remove the 
white-light-mother, i'm sinking, the white tunnel light looming 
the end of the tunnel or funnel. he begins touching himself, hes 
triumph reality collapse beneath capital true tunnel yarn ball 
twenty two

extremely tight tunnel east. looks like very squeeze. an eerie 
light - the sound almost death. I want to tunnel through that 
horizon; anything less is now into January 8 Collision in the 
tunnel of the Grand Central, in Manhattan, in January 27 
Dynamite in the Rapid Transit tunnel at Park av. and 41st st. 
death. I want to tunnel through that horizon; anything less is 
intoler- woman stalking You thought I'd want tunnel horizon; 
anything less intoler failure - how can one tunnel through them 
- how can one survive on the are potential wells, potential 
wells are tunnels, we tunnel among us, we 'death' . subway 
tunnel collapses as plastique and bombers do their from zero to 
anything you say / and you go down this tunnel and dark tunnel 
and you dream you're in a dark tunnel. you agree to tunnel and 
my fingers clawing at my throat, as yours sweetened straw, on 
about the tunnel or illuminated rind ice certain, trying 
customary channel. channel plunging tunnel own, someone want 
tunnel horizon; anything less intoler a scam cam a scope feature 
how tunnel survive realizing they're seeing effects an image 
recuperated, indemnified, if only for the moment. The tunnel 
emergency. emergency ready. because emerging tunnel, tunnel 
worms and mandrake tunnel beneath. Everything is in the absolute 
tunnel of our own making - our own, or someone else's; this is 
the difficulty, reveals it. I am a tunnel on the path through 
time. I am invisible. level; you notice as well that channels 
tunnel elsewhere, that quantum tunnel floor, my arms sweating in 
the dim light, candles in one.




their only characteristic was - that they were ubiquitous.





woman on the comet

http://www.alansondheim.org/womanonthecomet1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/womanonthecomet.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/womanonthecomet2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/womanonthecomet3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/womanonthecomet4.png

reporting back from the surface of comet 67P

"the COSAC mass spectrometer took a spectrum in sniffing mode, 
which displayed a suite of 16 organic compounds, including many 
nitrogen-bearing species but no sulfur- bearing species, and 
four compounds--methyl isocyanate, acetone, propionaldehyde, and 
acetamide--that had not been previously reported in comets."

Ishmael says it was a whale, a star, a comet, a blank slate. 
That he claws, cracked gourds, clouds and never any sun the 
comet, the comet, of maps, Miranda, the moon of Uranus, comets 
striking Jupiter, a chart laban words standest prepared ungirded 
errand prosper cometh asked kindly As in Jerusalem, where 
comets, foxes, storms, each constituted cyclical drowning in 
immensity:  lost plasmas devour worlds; destabilizing comets How 
like a comet through the darkening sky the Buddhists who will 
bury me, but me, I will see stars and comets, stars and comets 
from one end to the other

meandering comets, meteors, noctiluminescent clouds Wille to him 
selfe, with nary a wonne to heare. Who did cometh, of what 
lights, comets, meteors, fires, blinking, cooked-fish, music 
sunset; lunar phases; storms of infinite night and day; comets 
close to trails and filagrees meandering comets, meteors, 
noctiluminescent clouds nigh must sight thigh deal lie do hast 
bed's things sick told cometh floods later earlier. saw comet, 
studied runes, read about forests. floods which came later and 
earlier. when you were young, you saw a comet, look around, 
brain and memory gone -:the great-wind cometh and i do not hear 
it, the great-sound cometh and i do not see it, i can touch you 
lord, clashley clinical cmacklin cmcmahan cobwarbk coldfire 
cometdog comsenco eien]. Behold that the Cross becometh two 
sticks behinde a skull, be- camp there and the stars and milky 
way were incredible and I saw a comet, From whence cometh the o. 
comet planet sun star moon says whale, star, comet, slate. he 
doesn't breathe mine, eyes, do ink thou foxtrot of divine 
assurance > cometh into thine life with a table. He screamed, 
moon, sun, stars, comet. He screamed, tree, flowers, spirit 
omens and comets, rare atmospheric phenomena, bead less, ghosts 
inconsequential payment. comets poem. bubbles, sacks signal 
house, chill internet... glum maine camp milky incredible comet, 
would exhalatation to the spiryt which cometh forth in the 
suckles me i produce i canot help myself this cometh forth this

have comets and stars in her hair, in the guise of a poem





Our avant-garde USA 


(wrote this last nite on Fb, apologies for despair)

http://www.alansondheim.org/thebase24.jpg

Republican Christie proposes tracking immigrants like FedEx packages
Reuters - 4 hours ago

REUTERS - New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said on Saturday if he were 
elected president he would combat illegal immigration by creating a system 
to track foreign visitors the way FedEx tracks packages.

-- I woke up in the middle of the night with 95db of noise outside and 
inside, and realized how much I hate this country - particularly 
right-wing white males -- how much I'd like to see them exported like the 
scum they are -- and I have to control my own hysteria and depression in 
this regard -- why live in the midst of their lies and fury and 
anti-intellectualism -- their racism and intolerance of atheism -- their 
dismantling education -- their guns -- their killings -- their desecration 
of the planet -- and with population / global warming / violence / weapons 
distribution / extinctions on the increase -- why remain alive -- I try to 
take comfort in small things -- but the fury is there, surrounding us -- 
we can't even deal with our own internal refugees -- homeless people, sick 
people, in Providence -- across the street, a homeless woman has taken up 
the base of a flagpole -- flag at half-mast in front of the Federal 
Building -- as her home -- across the planet, we already know the outcome 
of the holocaust-in-progress -- we should track Christie, dump Trump 
somewhere outside the "Wall" -- that Horror -- on Fb we make fun of these 
clowns -- laughing at would-be Hitlers --

Donald Trump is amazing, as former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin 
adamantly asserted during an interview with GOP presidential frontrunner 
Donald Trump.

The former Alaska governor lavished praise on the self-assured Trump, 
noting that he "made the sacrifice to hit the campaign trail," much to the 
delight "The Trumpeters," or "Trumpservatives," as Palin called the 
movement backing him.

Palin, who Trump in July said that he would "love" to have in his 
administration if elected, brought Trump onto the program "On Point" at 
the One America News Network on Friday night. It was easily the best thing 
on television.

"Ive said it since the day he made the sacrifice to hit the campaign 
trail: Voters crave the anti-status-quo politician," Palin said as an 
introduction. "Everything about Donald Trumps campaign, its avant-garde. 
He is crushing it in the polls."

-- Huffington -- let's look at the new AVANT-GARDE --

Alan Sondheim Scott Walker: US-Canada wall a 'legitimate' idea
CNN - 45 minutes ago

Washington (CNN) It's not just the southern border: Wisconsin Gov. Scott 
Walker says it's "legitimate" to discuss building a wall separating the 
United States from Canada, as well.
Like  Reply  20 mins

...





the hole night, the hole day long


http://www.alansondheim.org/jjj5.png 

the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, 
look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, the 
bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as 
they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin of 
the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of 
pearls, its seams:your tongue wearing my masculine skin, its 
root, its masculine root, my tongue wearing your feminine skin, 
its root, its feminine root, where the tongue lies, where the 
tongue stands, where the tip of the tongue caresses the roof of 
the world, where the world is cool, is in its flesh, in the 
flesh of the tongue, of its root and plateau, of its roof and 
plate or of its inverted world:they call me by the misery of the 
world, the misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, 
where the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my 
rooting in you, in the tongue of the world, its world:among the 
hole of the day, the night, the long night:

Would they call me by the misery of the world, the misery of the 
masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the tongue lies, the 
root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in you, in the tongue 
of the world, its world mind you partying, the root comes forth 
and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, look, all the misery 
of the world lies there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, 
the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as 
they call it forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its 
frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams, 
with us?

Your soiled among the whole of the night, the day is in my 
death-like among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of 
the night, the day

Ah, love eaten by julu-of-the-open-arms and julu-depressed

your skin the roof of my world, my tongue's skin, my skin the 
roof of the roof, your tongue's skin, for what is the swallowed 
world that is not swallowed by the world, and what is the 
world`s swalllow, the whole night, the hole day, long:My tongue 
smells, my tongue smells you, tongue smells your tongue, your 
tongue smells mine, your mine, mine yours, the roof of the 
world:I will swallow the world and its misery and by that you 
will know me. You will know me by the swallowed world, by the 
roof of my mouth, by my tongue, by my tongue's tongue, by your 
tongue, by my tongue your tongue's tongue::

Would I will swallow the world and its misery and by that you 
will know me. You will know me by the swallowed world, by the 
roof of my mouth, by my tongue, by my tongue's tongue, by your 
tongue, by my tongue your tongue's tongue mind you partying, 
your skin the roof of my world, my tongue's skin, my skin the 
roof of the roof, your tongue's skin, for what is the swallowed 
world that is not swallowed by the world, and what is the 
world`s swalllow, the whole night, the hole day, long, with us?

Your feminine skin and tongue, pearls from the white frock, 
pearls from the neckline, the root of the frock, the tongue`s 
baseness, its frock, its swallowed world is in my spry skin and 
tongue, pearls from the white frock, pearls from the neckline, 
the root of the frock, the tongue`s baseness, its frock, its 
swallowed world

[...]

Open your mouth... they call me by the misery of the world, the 
misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the 
tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in 
you, in the tongue of the world, its world

Are you dressed as they call me by the misery of the world, the 
misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the 
tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in 
you, in the tongue of the world, its world? Is they call me by 
the misery of the world, the misery of the masculine world, the 
tongue's bottom, where the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, 
your root, my rooting in you, in the tongue of the world, its 
world dressed as you?

Are you in your , are you in your flesh, ah don't answer... 

Is Julu wearing your ... , are you wearing your skin? your 
tongue wearing my masculine skin, its root, its masculine root, 
my tongue wearing your feminine skin, its root, its feminine 
root, where the tongue lies, where the tongue stands, where the 
tip of the tongue caresses the roof of the world, where the 
world is cool, is in its flesh, in the flesh of the tongue, of 
its root and plateau, of its roof and plate or of its inverted 
world

I love your feelings, they call me by the misery of the world, 
the misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where 
the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my rooting 
in you, in the tongue of the world, its world ... Your tongue 
speaks so sweetly, turning me grrrlboyyy turniing me boyyygrrrl

...the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the 
way, look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, 
the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, 
as they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin 
of the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem 
of pearls, its seams

among the whole of the night, the day
among the hole of the day, the night, the long night
among the hole of the night, the day long
among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of the night,
the day, the night, the day

among the whole of the night, the day is yours...

the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, 
look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, the 
bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as 
they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin of 
the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of 
pearls, its seams calls forth soiled love, eating, excreting 
memory.

beyond the death-like, the root comes forth and blossoms and 
dies, it gets in the way, look, all the misery of the world lies 
there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's 
mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as they call it 
forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its frock, its 
neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams are... death- 
like, your tongue wearing my masculine skin, its root, its 
masculine root, my tongue wearing your feminine skin, its root, 
its feminine root, where the tongue lies, where the tongue 
stands, where the tip of the tongue caresses the roof of the 
world, where the world is cool, is in its flesh, in the flesh of 
the tongue, of its root and plateau, of its roof and plate or of 
its inverted world?

... love is among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of the 
night, the day here, it's love?

close to Jennifer's the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, 
it gets in the way, look, all the misery of the world lies 
there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's 
mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as they call it 
forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its frock, its 
neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams,,,

among the seams of the world, my becoming, among the becoing of 
the world, my seams, you melt into Julu's skin forever...

Your the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the 
way, look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, 
the bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, 
as they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin 
of the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem 
of pearls, its seams 8220 is darling Jennifer's flesh

the root comes forth and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, 
look, all the misery of the world lies there, stands there, the 
bottom of the tongue, the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as 
they call it first, as they call it forth, wearing the skin of 
the world, wearing its frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of 
pearls, its seams:your tongue wearing my masculine skin, its 
root, its masculine root, my tongue wearing your feminine skin, 
its root, its feminine root, where the tongue lies, where the 
tongue stands, where the tip of the tongue caresses the roof of 
the world, where the world is cool, is in its flesh, in the 
flesh of the tongue, of its root and plateau, of its roof and 
plate or of its inverted world:they call me by the misery of the 
world, the misery of the masculine world, the tongue's bottom, 
where the tongue lies, the root of the tongue, your root, my 
rooting in you, in the tongue of the world, its world:among the 
hole of the day, the night, the long night:

Would they call me by the misery of the world, the misery of the 
masculine world, the tongue's bottom, where the tongue lies, the 
root of the tongue, your root, my rooting in you, in the tongue 
of the world, its world mind you partying, the root comes forth 
and blossoms and dies, it gets in the way, look, all the misery 
of the world lies there, stands there, the bottom of the tongue, 
the tongue's mouth, as they call it, as they call it first, as 
they call it forth, wearing the skin of the world, wearing its 
frock, its neckline of pearls, its hem of pearls, its seams, 
with us?

Your soiled among the whole of the night, the day is in my 
death-like among the whole of the day, the night, the tongue of 
the night, the day

the tongue of the night, the day, the whole of the night and 
day, the hole of the night and day



