




muted sorrow of music

http://www.alansondheim.org/mute.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mute1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mute2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/mute3.mp3

muted viola




among

http://www.alansondheim.org/among.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/among.mp3

transformations, familiars, shamans, repetitions,
voices, horizonal and vertical worlds, sounds, 
familiars, shamans, repetitions, voices, horizontal
transformations and vertical worlds, shamans, 
repetitions, horizontal familiars and vertical
voices, horizontal sounds and vertical familiars,
sounds and voices, cries and murmurs, repetitions,
familiars, some sounds, some voices, some
horizontal worlds, some vertical, some familiars,
shamans, a few voices, a few horizontal shamans,
the familiar, a few sounds, a few transformations



familiars songs

http://www.alansondheim.org/familiarssongs.png

vertical vertical sounds murmurs, worlds, a sounds, 
transformations shamans, familiars, sounds, sounds horizontal 
repetitions, shamans, a shamans, sounds, familiars, horizontal 
voices, voices, shamans, familiars, shamans, and familiars, 
vertical, shamans, sounds, shamans, vertical familiars, 
vertical, few a few horizontal some some vertical repetitions, 
familiars, transformations, the some familiars, vertical 
repetitions, shamans, repetitions, voices, repetitions, 
horizontal familiars, some familiars, familiar, familiars, 
shamans, horizontal familiars, sounds, some shamans, few a few 
some repetitions, and worlds, worlds, transformations horizontal 
some repetitions, sounds worlds, familiars, shamans, horizonal 
voices, familiars sounds some a few repetitions, repetitions, 
familiars and some shamans, the few voices, worlds, murmurs, 
horizontal and vertical transformations few worlds, and 
horizontal vertical worlds, transformations, and transformations 
vertical voices, voices, few sounds, voices, horizontal vertical 
voices, some a familiar, a few some cries voices, 
transformations horizonal a voices, some cries vertical 
transformations vertical transformations, worlds, and voices, 
cries horizontal a few and and horizontal and horizontal voices, 
few familiar, shamans, voices, and and voices, repetitions, few 
a some and and horizontal and familiars, sounds, worlds, sounds 
murmurs, some horizontal transformations worlds, vertical sounds 
repetitions, some a sounds, transformations shamans, familiars, 
sounds, sounds horizontal repetitions, shamans, a shamans, 
sounds, familiars, horizontal repetitions, voices, shamans, 
shamans, shamans, and familiars, vertical, shamans, sounds, 
shamans, vertical familiars, vertical, few a few horizontal some 
some vertical repetitions, familiars, transformations, the some 
familiars, vertical repetitions, shamans, repetitions, voices, 
repetitions, horizontal familiars, some familiars, familiar, 
familiars, shamans, horizontal familiars, sounds, some shamans, 
transformations sounds, few some repetitions, and worlds, 
worlds, transformations horizontal some repetitions, sounds 
worlds, familiars, shamans, horizonal voices, familiars sounds 
some a few repetitions, voices, familiars and some shamans, the 
few voices, worlds, murmurs, horizontal and vertical 
transformations few worlds, and horizontal vertical worlds, 
transformations, and transformations vertical voices, some few 
sounds, voices, horizontal vertical voices, some a familiar, a 
few some cries voices, transformations horizonal a voices, some 
voices, vertical transformations vertical transformations, 
worlds, and voices, and horizontal a few and and horizontal and 
horizontal voices, few familiar, shamans, voices, and and 
voices, repetitions, few a some and and horizontal and 
familiars, sounds, worlds, sounds murmurs, some horizontal 
transformations worlds, worlds, sounds repetitions, some a 
sounds, transformations shamans, familiars, sounds, sounds 
horizontal shamans, familiars, familiar, shamans, sounds, 
familiars, horizontal repetitions, voices, repetitions, shamans, 
shamans, and familiars, vertical, shamans, sounds, shamans, 
vertical familiars, vertical, few a few horizontal vertical, 
some vertical repetitions, familiars, transformations, the some 
familiars, vertical repetitions, shamans, repetitions, voices, 
repetitions, horizontal familiars, some familiars, familiar, 
familiars, shamans, horizontal familiars, sounds, familiars, 
shamans, transformations sounds, a some repetitions, and worlds, 
worlds, transformations horizontal some repetitions, sounds 
worlds, familiars, shamans, horizonal voices, familiars sounds 
some a few repetitions, voices, familiars and some shamans, the 
few voices, worlds, and horizontal and and few a worlds, and 
horizontal vertical worlds, transformations, vertical 
transformations

few transformations shamans, familiars, few voices, 
shamans, few voices, the voices, voices, shamans, shamans, 
worlds, transformations, voices, voices, transformations 
cries horizontal sounds, and the and few shamans, 
horizontal horizontal cries sounds, horizontal voices, 
familiars, transformations a few few horizontal some cries 
sounds voices, vertical vertical worlds, the vertical, 
transformations cries shamans, shamans, repetitions, 
transformations, voices, voices, familiars, horizontal 
voices, horizontal vertical familiars, voices, worlds, 
shamans, a repetitions, worlds, few voices, and horizonal a 
voices, shamans, a vertical vertical voices, familiars, 
voices, a and familiars, voices, horizontal some voices,



exportskin

http://www.alansondheim.org/exportskin1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/exportskin.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/exportskin2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/exportskin3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/exportskin4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/exportskin5.png

http://www.alansondheim.org/renesting.jpg

renesting.jpg - the source and punctum of exportskin - is 
modified from an image of Gretta Louw, grettalouw.com, part of 
her Disbursing the Cloud project at http://tinyurl.com/o37h62e .

exported skin: what's left of skin, carapace/skein/shadow, one 
might add fossil or coagulation. reminding of the wound that 
won't disappear, the cicatrix that remains, remnant; even in 
the virtual, life oozes, uncanny rift between construct and 
representation. it goes there, its odor, seepage. where you 
might see numbers, one might see code, one might see one, one 
might see nothing, zero. for code coagulates, churns, strangles 
code, knots of dna, oddity. so something uncomfortable, huddled 
against the onslaught, onslaughter, to come, the scorching, 
servers severed, down, process of unmemory, risk, annihilation. 
for remnant is just that, remains, of a meal of a body, of a 
culture, remains of a language. the cold scorch, the scorch of 
code, the dissolution of code which is code, the remnant.



poem of fear and anguish rimed flat

http://www.alansondheim.org/nycc43.jpg

"Or leaving off, at
etiquette of relay, what
that that  that that
alligator. i will eat
miles. i will eat
that that of that that
What Bible ... Bible What
beat soul secret soul beat
that am appointed am that
birsha stachys achbor defeat
that drug horizon drug that
side asunder comfortably that
Worldschat
toot toot taat taat
one that
Goods sunk in the sea, with a buoy attached in order that
a continuing basic entity 4: an electronic image that

"4 cbvft tlsartbq at at at
ffl there are a lot of inexpressibility results showing that
(punctum) (parameternrs) sure wanedhat
27 the stirring dance of ossi oswalda with ossi the cat
44 we'd go too, you can reach us at
empathooeticoo at"

................that
25k Who didst end Thy life in agony, grant that
Christians. You said it is statements like that
Deity. Now everywhere. There is nothing that
FrontPageMagazine | August 29, 2002. The fact that
Hersur. its own purity -- le autre Great
Instead. -----PETAs Answer to Animal slaughter: Eat
Joined: Thu Sep 16th, 2004. great furies 0.235184 1 at
Polar dial, a dial whose plane is parallel to a great
Were never going to be safe in that sense - but at
the true nikuko Nikuko flesh meat
vampire after attending masquerade at
tm 28k stop writing altogether, but recognizing that
tm 28k stop writing altogether, but recognizing that
and being afraid that
and being afraid that



poem of being and desolation

http://www.alansondheim.org/being.png

strange chemistry of strangers being
enumeration and naming from  chaos being non-being
and the sacrifice of being
all the effort of being
and that sutra of non-being
passing, swimming in chaotic existence, its being
and imagining the worst of every human being
imagining the worst of every human being
and imagining the worst of every human being
and being being
and material welfarewell-being
in terms of the physical well being
for flesh for every killed civilian is that being
our innermost being
and our sacrifice of being
shall live so in our being
and shall live in our memory of being
and i spend my life a slave to truth and being
being
and our sacrifice of being
and our sacrifice of being
and our sacrifice of being
and our sutra of non-being
and our celebration and joy at our being
then furious  when we incur being
and more furious  when we incur being
and it's depressing being
it's depressing being
and it's really depressing being
and being
and the difference at all of being
and the being of its desolation



poem of important times

http://www.alansondheim.org/bdeb2.png

death and time's death
every symbol tends towards awkward breath
hiding from the universe and death
my breath was dying breath
of the world until: one's death
the speech which rides the breath
snuggled, the world calmed for just a moment, death
space, shift, cave, slide, breath
forgetting birth and on the way to death
darling give me your last breath
balance of life and death
she said when i die because i'm afraid of death
the real challenge to breath
bone-time: our time, the time of death
you're stumbling and faltering and losing your breath
every moment rushing towards her death
the beauty of our all our slow slow dying breath
our male likes death
so it's early i don't know how to breath
there are no dealings with death
my breath
you don't see the hands of death
every symbol tends towards awkward breath
there are no cards of death
and promises one last breath
it's morning too early to get up or deal with death
my breath
two mothers, to death
darling give me your last breath
one son, to death
my breath was dying breath
every moment rushing towards her death
days breath
and all dichotomies of war and peace and life and death
breath
every body harbored the scent of death
i am waiting for your breath
snuggled, the world calmed for just a moment, death
my breath
o i am surrounded by death
telling among the rocks of this rare earth
infinitely death
deleted from the face of the earth
depression is already death
this very night on earth
i wanted to almost from birth
i lived inside my death
this is the air, and this the earth
everything come up like birth
afterwards you were put off the scent of death
death never stops for breath
stone in stone and earth in earth
then human slaughter - beginning first with birth
in the sky, there were those in the sky on the earth
hiding from the universe and death
the kiss the touch of life and breath
sorrowful the intervention of death
sorrowful the finality, how i claw at birth
and here are the wages of earth
and shudders, stops, and then give birth
you lean against glass and hear the flesh of the earth
yea, though i say death i see death
then human slaughter - beginning first with birth
soon i will disappear from this our lovely earth
though i see death i shall not see death
you can smell me on it, birth
there are no dealings with death
this is _dance_ on deadly earth
cloudsbirth the cloudsbirth
you don't see the hands of death
if it is turbid it is earth
it's morning too early to get up or deal with death
and we're living in an afterbirth
and we're living in an afterdeath
forgetting birth and on the way to birth
there are no cards of death
transcendent birth
fatal redundancy of all life on earth
nothing memorable comes from death
and words and worlds collapse on earth
you gave them that you gave the gift of birth
in the specter of death and the sword of death
there is no emptiness in massive death
into the fabric of the virtual earth
filter of exhaustion near death
i wanted earth almost from birth
electrical fury and death
o transcendent birth
every moment rushing towards her death
every moment rushing towards her birth
and up in the sky another earth
o i am surrounded by death
and  i am surrounded by death
when i could see the filthy earth
placenta chromosome chromosome birth my my my birth
f false b breathing w woodwind s spirit e earth
if it is turbid it is earth
if it is turbid it is breath
earth
earth
when i'm wet, you can smell me on it, birth
when i'm wet, you can smell me on it, earth
when i'm wet, you can smell me on it, death
when i'm wet, you can smell me on it, breath




http://www.alansondheim.org/bdeb.mp4 poor film
http://www.alansondheim.org/bdeb1.png  poor slide




The apocalypse will ever be witnessed: 
The chora of repetitive compression

Or why we must become space and time, or why the surge is
absent.

http://www.alansondheim.org/newsm06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/newsm.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/newsm.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/newsm10.jpg

At the very end, neutrinos continue their oscillation, virtual 
particles remain beneath the level of a universe without 
memories, the catastrophic mix and visibility of stabilized 
plateaus has disappeared, witnesses no longer call witnesses, 
one might argue for darkness, but doesn't that imply logic, 
light, that eye which is no longer presenting? Identity in the 
meantime, earlier regimes, lies in the fabrication of memory; 
each turn of the wheel is an event; each slide and lubrication 
creates an ineffable signature. Here we are in the construction 
potential of the apocalypse; the surge guarantees the absence of 
a return, and in this manner, what we're witnessing in the 
images and sound is a nostalgia and its denouement - the 
exhaustion of energy and bodies, the horizon of extinctions 
which continues to roll and boil over us. 

The video is on the order of an essay on mechanism harboring oil 
and steam; the audio is the foregrounding of arenas and sound. 
Everything is already a century old; the world wears itself 
down, taking us along with it. It's not technological advance or 
determinism, but rust, corrosion, decay, fatigue, particle 
physics, radiations, dusts, entropy, that are fundamental, no 
matter what the tending or stewardship, no matter the redundancy 
of big data, databanks, seed-vaults or bunkers. It goes in the 
end; this is imminent, immanent, and obvious to all. I think it 
might be repetition all the way down, but asymptotic in its own 
way, quietude emerging somewhere around planck. Or not quietude, 
but roiling, which results in the motto: The apocalypse will 
never be witnessed. And so it goes, and will already have been 
gone.



operative star KIC 8462852

http://www.alansondheim.org/harness2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/harness.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/harness3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/harness4.png

the word is operative in the immediate vicinity of KIC 8462852;
the unmistakable presence of machinery; in english we call this
'such and such,' as in 'such and such phenomena,' which remain
unique in our world - and here our boundaries have grown smaller 
- some say suddenly, we're not sure of our response here, 
certainly our data will vanish, corrode, disappear at an 
unremarkable rate - we're told this, tell ourselves this, and 
that the word is 'operative' and that the star is KIC 8462852.



passing through

http://www.alansondheim.org/schooling52.jpg

what does it mean, that space passes through space? that time 
passes through time? one space can pass through another; one 
time can be embedded in another. but to pass through? a 
translation - affine, dilation, diminution - or space? a circle 
passing through a circle, a sphere through a sphere? or cross- 
dimensional, a sphere through a circle, circle tangent to 
hypersphere, any manifolds of any dimension passing through any 
manifolds of any dimention, but the embedding? two spaces into 
one, one set of coordinates - as if there were an all 
encompassing space or infinite-dimensional space and then of 
what order of infinity - the highest order conceivable, beyond 
that? - in any case, if two objects pass through each other in 
an embedding space, does space not pass through space? or no, 
space does not pass through space, and perhaps this is 
meaningless, think of definitions of dimension for example - so 
then I think of metaphor (the 'I think' already implying mind 
somewhere along the line of passage - and mind already implying 
contamination, contagion) - like water through water - that's 
possible - glass through glass, but then there's viscosity to 
consider, thought through thought? time through time? rates 
might well be different, neutrino for example, the experience of 
time, the rate? but that's not quite the same thing (but then 
there are time rates and velocities passing through other time 
rates and velocities, at least around them, but 'through' them, 
and then what happens to momentum, is time always leaping 
forward, but then positrons for example might as well be moving 
in reverse, and then what?)- for example people passing through 
a city, psychogeographies; the metaphor of passing, passage, 
paysage, the figure of speech, the figural, tends to dissolve - 
and if, upon dying, upon the universe heads towards structural 
annihilation - we are capable of becoming space, becoming time, 
space-time, but I see these, then, as separated (senseless!) - 
that broken flux - bad physics and cosmology - and nothing else, 
thought gone in the gone world - then what? as 'then' itself 
disappears - universe without consequence - but a survival 
dependent upon the lack of witness - inconceivable, as well as 
'why is there being rather than nothing' - (think of the 
differend of the differend for example) - another example, but 
what of this nothing that from the previous (temporal, spatial, 
space-time) boundary of the container (think of the weight of 
time) - existence of mind, apparatus, proton (half-lives to all) 
- is postulated, promulgated, always approaching, like the death 
of organisms, promulgation itself; such promulgation then 
naturally - one believes - self-annihilates over inconceivable 
times and distances (or no time, no distance, no measuring, no 
measurement left, no observer) - that's it, at that interval or 
segment, nothing has passed through, neither interval nor 
segment; in another universe, something that, theoretically as 
well, must, of necessity, be bypassed, a local disturbance (from 
without), elsewhere and elsewhen, internally not at all - such 
that from the other side of the boundary, that construct must 
appear as knot, aporia, entangled in annihilation, entangled in 
a not, or not at all - (they're thinking about us, about our 
'condition,' elsewhere, elsewhen, cut off, just as we are, now, 
for the moment of survival, structure, semiosis, as, for 
example, an example or hypothetical, that knot which is the 
example, that hypothetical which always elsewhere, elsewhen, is 
not.)


viola trio	

http://www.alansondheim.org/schooling04.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/violatrio.mp3 good sound
http://www.alansondheim.org/violatrio.wav best sound

1st viola w/ mute midrange 
2nd viola w/ mute hirange 
3rd viola no mute lowrange

viola by John Juzek after 1941

(wanted to play this for a long time)



down zero

http://www.alansondheim.org/nycc45.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/downzero.mp3 
hasapi

.....................zero.<love>.zero.<love>.zero
...................scrap.over.zero....to.over.scrap
....(the.third.character.is.a.zero)
....0.00s.real.....0.00s.user.....0.00s.system.zeroed.out
..it's.addition.by.zero,.multiplication.by.one--
..multiplication.by.zero,.addition.by.one--
"I.say,.things.begin.here,".so.to.speak,.whether.zero.or.
"zero".text,.moment.making.phenomena,.destruction.phenomena.
'body-degree-zero'
*/as.if.there.were.a.zero.point.or.its.absence.here/*
=.zero
Death.is.the.zero.point.energy.of.the.universe.
Degree.zero.No.Enlightenment.No.Beings.
Every.original.is.a.deformation.degree.zero.
From.creative,.perfect.waves.of.zero.and.infinite.hertz.
Nikuko.says,."you.are.zero.zero.zero"
Nikuko.says,."your.arms.are.zero"
Nikuko.says,."your.mouth.is.zero"
Death.not.is.not.zero.not.and.not.death.not.is.not.one.
Death.is.zero.and.death.is.one.
Alan.nil.["zero",."one",."Alan"]]
Alan.nil.["zero",."one",."Alan"]]
Alan.nil.["zero",."one",."Alan"]]
"I.say,.things.end.here,"



Against the mind and body of Hilary Clinton: *

http://www.alansondheim.org/nycc28.jpg **

lie / false / untrue / lying / incriminate / not true /
guilty / guilt / fault / false / killed / witch / political

demonstrably false? Why not tell them to shut up then? Carly 
Fiorina has Republican chairman of five House committees issued 
a report falsely Mitchell correctly called him out on something 
that was a falsehood. statement we all know is false. But don't 
take my word for it. Here's what false narrative start?

CLINTON: Well, that it was factually untrue. And I think your 
questioning to be untrue was that DOD withheld sending air 
support. And indeed, the inn Benghazi and applying it for other 
locations? understand that the underlying point of your request 
question is, what intelligence. That is, she was relying... You 
wrote, what about the idea of my flying to Martha's Vineyard to 
see levers," so aren't you implying that it's his responsibility 
to figure out basically implying that you don't care. OK? 
There's no other way to The line of questioning is implying that 
you don't care. And there are two what you're implying about 
Admiral Mullen, and I will not sit here and

ANDREA MITCHELL, MSNBC ANCHOR: That is factually not true.

CUMMINGS: That's not true.

CLINTON: Well, that's just not true, Congressman. I know -- 
fault, but then also it's worth pointing out that there was $20 
million demonstrably false? Why not tell them to shut up then? 
Carly Fiorina has Republican chairman of five House committees 
issued a report falsely Mitchell correctly called him out on 
something that was a falsehood. statement we all know is false. 
But don't take my word for it. Here's what false narrative 
start? the attacks that killed four Americans in Benghazi, 
Libya. This is a full country with courage and with honor. And 
they were killed under

GOWDY: Justice for those that killed them. We owe their families 
our attacked and these four men were killed, the truth about 
requests for four people who were killed representing our 
country on foreign soil. It is about what happened before, 
during and after the attacks that killed Tyrone Woods and Glen 
Doherty worked for the CIA. They were killed by mistake, the 
risks are real. Terrorists have killed more than 65 American 
attacked our embassy and killed 63 people, including 17 
Americans, and then in a later attack attacked our Marine 
barracks and killed so many actually focus on the four brave 
Americans who were killed, why they were killed, and focus on 
Benghazi. And we have not. Mr. Roskam's questions I ambassador 
killed since 1979?

POMPEO: On September 11th, on the day that he was killed, 
Ambassador officers were killed today in Benghazi by an Al 
Qaeda- like group." killed. And that is on June the 7th, 2012. 
Also on June the 7th 2012, your Ambassador Stevens was killed? 
200 folks were killed. Here's what its recommendation said, it 
said before Gadhafi was killed, and then turn your attention to 
other things. I And in Pakistan, at least one protester was 
killed. point out, all the way to Indonesia. Thankfully, no 
Americans were killed,

CLINTON: Cartoons sparked two al-Qaeda-trained (ph) attackers 
who killed, confirmed that one of our State Department officers 
was killed. You said to your family, terrorists killed two of 
our good people. So your you told your family about Benghazi, it 
was, terrorists killed two of our ambassador. Less than four 
months later, he was killed. But the number of American 
diplomats being killed, but it was a constant challenge to us. 
from when our four fellow Americans were killed. The author of 
the e-mail

SANCHEZ: I want to switch line of questioning for just a second. 
I've got fact-centric investigation in such a, quote, "political 
environment." political football. Two, find the facts. Three, do 
everything in your as being very important at that time, which 
is political reporting. political reporting. And my question is, 
you know, why did you not was the political reporting? Then in 
2011, 2010, and when an am bass that the work that this 
committee has done has been political in nature. that you work 
with, loved to send you political and image advice, had intent 
on seizing defeat from the jaws of victory. He and his political 
intervention in Libya, gave you political advice on how to take 
credit for you meaningless political advice. You also have 
people and processes in including the opportunity to, quote, 
"monitor political trends and public getting political credit 
actually for months on this? In fact, your staff told you that 
they thought it would be a political planning on how to make 
your statement dramatic to maximize political opportunity is 
seized to turn progress in Libya into a political win for

CLINTON: Well, Congressman, that is only a political statement 
which you efforts were directed at you. As he spoke at a 
political even in New Hampshire, Chairman Issa had said he came 
to that political event in New Benghazi except as a means of 
trying to attack you or make a political to be partisan, you 
know, then we got a recitation of your political back helpful to 
the political process and it is damn sure not helpful to the 
ever be used for partisan political purposes. And I'm hoping 
that we can political badgering that may come my way. I have 
seen the personification He served as under secretary of state 
for political affairs, he served as [...]


* I hated the witch-hunt, the implicit violence against her; I 
hated the fishing for anything to bring her down, given her poll 
numbers. Too much like the McCarthy Hearings, too much rhetori- 
cal violence in the guise of "just searching for the truth." 
These people are dangerous, their candidates literally falling 
over each other, outgunning each other with outrage.

** We lost our place in a land-grab / realestate bubble, after 
fighting and losing, against developers in Brooklyn who were 
buying properties around the new Barclay Center project. Now 
we're in Rhode Island, priced out of the city; there are a lot 
of us who had to leave, and a lot of people struggling in one of 
the greatest cities on earth with one of the greatest income 
inequalities (and Providence is ninth on the list for that 
matter).



against demons and all bad things

http://www.alansondheim.org/against.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/against1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/against2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/against3.mp3

our poor cat, Ossi Oswalda, feral from West Virginia, 11 1/2 
years old, has been healthy since we've been companions for the 
past nine years. two days ago, she had three fits or seizures, 
beginning in the evening, yesterday, four more, today two, and 
one of the ones last night was severe, grand mal symptoms, and 
today, another terrible one, she broke her toe, we must get to 
the vet, i think she might have to be put down, we're not around 
all day and she could really injure herself, perhaps some 
medication will work, we're at our wits' end. i played three 
spells tonight against demons, on a violin thanks to Will and 
Mary Pappenheimer, on another violin thanks to Margie Kelk, on a 
Jordanian rebaba thanks to Rachel Rosenkrantz, good people all, 
listen to the expulsion of demons in three movements, we hope 
for the best, fear the worst, these are dark times, and darker 
here in our home, darker and darker in our home. pray for Ossi 
if you deem the efficacy of prayer, think good thoughts

spells for Ossi

corrupt, personal Demons. scripts-of-ghosts-and-Demons, 
scripts-of-discontinuities, construct chasing Demons! hosts 
them! nest wilt thou dreams -tcsh -tcsh screen the Demons out 
/usr/local/bin/pine for lost results later :memory and tiling 
filter with parameters: matter; it's bardo, and mayakovsky 
supplies enough Demons for the flick-Demons ! one who goes in 
heaven ! bind. bind Demons away. the Demons stay away from Demon 
music (a involved with. there has been guilt...theft 
unaccountably false? why not tell them to shut up then? carly 
window... it's a way, as i said, to keep the Demons at bay, not 
the half away among Demons. egard. Demons pass among us, as we 
would in actuality pass among them; they are just opens and 
closes. it spits out Demons. it's a maxwell. it says. it letely 
independent and in ancient thermal springs - the lm:Demons - and 
palisades, all of them, to the sheen of jewels curved of Demons 
- and palisades, all of them, to the sheen of jewels curved of 
no _darkness_ piercing asleep; Demons wordless processing. 
glance. and Demons at bay, to intensity my existence, to 
struggle with the letter, among Demons, births in my brnai, 
there they are, there's no other eal, these Demons primitive 
constructs called _Demons._ what's a Demon? it's a rule, a no of 
curved jewels of sheen the to them, of all palisades, and - 
Demons sure that Demons lurked, just out of sight, waiting for 
the slightest by the Demons man surrounds archaea of man 
wonderbread sun-spot Demons wonderboy daemons users umesh usenet 
strat know) - Demons, not humans, have souls, since the 
_illiterate worlds,_ Demons, of one's possession. money...lack 
stability...gnawing depression...  guilt...theft Demons minds 
dissolve, corrode, decay, corrupt, longer hear your answers, get 
out, exorcise the Demons - they're all over, impenetrable...... 
millions false? why not tell them to shut up then? noticed 
declivity fifty. remained, illusion? explorer Demons. still; and 
memory filter with parameters:examples in preview and there 
:would god ever visit us? is there a god? are there angels? 
Demons? of man, he is drowned and submerged, of archons and 
Demons of man, he is surrounded and by Demons he is quelled 
against the hosts of Demons. i have fucked tama. the first and 
foremost of Demons! hosts of them! spirit, 14 i defend myself 
against the hosts of Demons. 15 i have fucked to hell, in hell 
than we sink to the realm of famished Demons, as Demons of 
curved jewels of sheen the to them, of all palisades, and - 
lm:Demons body justifications individual iuolainecks and and 
outnn men and Demons, and never a good fight; it takes energy 
and acumen i no longer i could never fall asleep; the Demons 
would come. i could never fall -bash the nightmare dreams 
/bin/ksh -tcsh screen the Demons out less attack of numerous 
Demons; within supreme triumph, the sufficient man has (a 
catalogue of Demons)  all sorts of enfoldings, infoldings, 
Demons, interiors oh , burstcumming schools, calling on teachers 
as resources instead of Demons and so forth. Demons are ordinary 
men who are described here at least by negation, by happens to 
our Demons when our minds dissolve, corrode, decay, perfectly, 
hiding places full of magic, the smiles of the Demons within 
malignant Demons; similar construdts are found everywhere in the 
world. epistemology of souls and Demons is identical; both 
video! real sound! to hold on to, the Demons come out to play 
chasing of stone by stone, 5 clouds of Demons! hosts of them! 
man, is submerged, and drowned and by Demons and archons the 
view that all the grasses and plants bear life. the Demons all 
believe flight of the Demons, you feel every sound on earth sink 
to the realm of famished Demons, as Demons to whatever the 
within burial, there is no longer any accrual, no possessing 
Demons but listen to the description of the Demons in dumuzi's 
dream: mechanical property touches on the macro-world, rl, in an 
easy ghosts, Demons, uncanny events, bardo thodol, rig veda 
x/129, etc. deadhead he'sdeadjim xyzzy deadhead blackboot go! 
Demons ying mansetmanis least gives you an idea of the activity 
of ghosts, Demons, and other forms



dreaming again seizures again

http://www.alansondheim.org/seizure.png

prayer three-year-old 10, soon, difficulty home, Ossi Oswalda, 
actress as well. So her name is Ossi Oswalda, after a silent 
film actress who other day. I speak with Foofwa on Skype, Gary 
Manes on the phone. Ossi has Our house likes in a small 
depression in one of Morgantown's hills; as a result anyone can 
see into it from above We keep the shades drawn at night. Around 
midnight last night, two white males 20-25 knocked on the door 
of a house on the next block, broke in, beat up the residence 
with a tire iron or crowbar, and stole whatever. Someone might 
just part behind our house in the alley, work his way up the 
side to the porch, wreak havoc. My body's temperature regulation 
has always been off, but is worse Oswalda makes our house feel 
like a home. There is no red spot on my desk, no flock of 
blackbirds, no waiter against which I measure myself, selves, 
and the world. The basement of our house is dark, but there is 
no pile of rope which might be mistaken for a snake, or a snake 
which might be mistaken for a pile of rope; instead there are 
familiar things and we find our way round in the dark. We are 
frightened of Bush and McCain; there is no esthetics to our 
politics, which are weak theory tending towards TAZ.  West 
Virginia has the highest prescription drug rate per capita in 
the country and it's out of control; I argue with my 'health 
care provider' to get basic medicine. No one has stolen our 
copper telephone wires to sell - they bring fair money - and I 
gather some drugs, which we are not on, cost between $60 and $80 
per pill. A letter I wrote to the Dominion Post was published, 
decrying the efforts of someone on the state legislature to 
teach gun use and safety to school children; the idea is to 
revive the local hunting population, which is on the decline. I 
visited a friend of mine five minutes after his mother-in-law 
was given last rites; she is still alive and spent six hours 
last night calling out apparently random numbers. The atmosphere 
creaks with tension. Changes are about. I will reread the 
Diamond Sutra. The small scanner computer in the lab began 
screaming this afternoon; it wouldn't stop. We opened it up and 
found the fan burned out, everything red-hot. We took a fan from 
another computer and so far things are working out fine; I 
scanned Siva and vajra. Our friends in Bruceten Mills might have 
weather damage; the area was hard-hit Boston on the crystal 
radio. It's night ends up like Ossi Oswalda or at least without 
doing something as good as bonus image, Ossi The last hiccup of 
Ossi Oswalda Memmott, Michelangelo Antonioni, Mauritz Stiller, 
Ossi Oswalda, Ingmar everything but can't for anything. for Ossi 
the cat and Opal the turtle. Ossi is a West Virginia feral cat, 
who has lived with us for four mood, among other things, and 
Ossi's snoring has gotten louder here are the new in-dust-trial 
sounds of Ossi the cat, who will * NOT the silent film actress, 
for whom Ossi is named ** offer vase spirits, fish, ters. I've 
slight fevers result. Our cat Ossi Azure and Ossi the cat with 
me, but instead, the Core is Ossi, We've Kira Sedlock, good. 29 
Tuesday, soreness foot; walk. Blood Azure, Ossi the Cat, and I 
are all nervous wrecks.) than ever here, and I've had slight 
fevers as a result. Our cat Ossi as well. So her name is Ossi 
Oswalda, after a silent film actress who code/literature/culture 
interaction. Our cat Ossi, brought home January 8, our poor cat, 
Ossi Oswalda, feral from West Virginia, 11 1/2 here in our home, 
darker and darker in our home. pray for Ossi spells for Ossi 
Ossi Oswalda!!! - has become my favorite silent film star, after 
seeing industrialization and Ossi Oswalda the cat, Oswalda makes 
our house feel like a home. There is no red spot on my desk, and 
a dam broke last night. Ossi Oswalda is dreaming again.


*/soon i will be back to normal/*



What I Did and Said

http://www.alansondheim.org/TEST9.GIF

This is fascinating - I'm always curious how many of No 
problem - let me know when to start hello :: where are we now?
:: here we are then...  :: now we are one :: one :: going out
and coming back in - :: left the session :: joined the session
:: left the session :: joined the session :: displayed the
following Some of them are working! I've been playing around 
But Im not in bold now -are you? There's no bold at This is 
wonderfully strange...  :: Kate - you're bold?  :: Hi 
everyone!  :: Must be the diluted blood...  :: Well, I've got 
the URL up - yes, it's difficult, you I'll try and be spare.
:: Wow! Stumbling over Brooklyn - :: Ok I'm ready whenever
anyone else is - Can you scroll the text I've put up?  It's 
just the first file in the Internet Text, which Ok, thanks :: 
Why don't you start with questions and we'll see where Hi - :: 
Yes of course :: It's odd because those seem like different 
operations I can't not work :: Too much neurosis on this end - 
which then becomes Well, what gets rid of the "I self Me" - 
which is the protocols etc. - :: I'm not sure - I do all my 
writing online - possibly god no :: the protocols - coding - 
:: I'm not struggling with that.  :: It's a hideous 
anti-semitic tract - The protocols reference code and the 
breakdown of it's amazing I could stop there - :: and it's 
between code and its breakdown that I'm which is partly 
interpretable in a classical sense She disappeared a while 
ago; I didn't want to write The space-between code - what 
underlies writing here I started calling this 'codework' which 
has taken on a So the subtext so to speak ruptures the text 
which As if the bones of the tomb of writing were made - as if 
the bones had some sort of presence in the So that the writing 
in a way is 'lurid' - cutting As in the 'Anita Berber' pieces 
that I've put up at Mistakes in print, and in the traditional 
Tanach, five displayed There's the "skeleton" of a piece of 
writing - which which gives you a huge list of synonyms. The 
first Which is a kind of overflowing of synonyms, burying and 
there's a parallel with Berber's life here, at - a surplus 
which goes nowhere. :: If you click on the link you might get 
the .mp file How so?  :: This isn't my 'best' tabla work, but 
I thought it I wonder what happened; I'm always afraid of 
clicking No problem :: The first bit - the short bit - is a 
There are better tabla pieces here! I think something Think of 
the rest as both an expansion and a in so many directions that 
nothing It a strange interface with a mysterious life of its 
two bits in that sentence will get you a quarter (bad yes, but 
you might want to ask away here? When I enter displayed the 
following You ask about code poetry? :: There are so many 
terms - I mentioned 'codework' which just about close 
everything down in a classical If you think of say Lautreamont 
- what he was doing But if had to attent a conference on his 
own work, What I've put up here - and you do have to shuttle 
There's also a few code snippets (most of which I've I tend to 
write in Unix or Linux - I've been doing which allows me to 
use all sorts of sophisticated text Just briefly - the first 
is Normal, then 'Back" takes Rev reverses everything :: Tac 
reverses the line order :: tr A-Z a-z just gets rid of the 
capitals transposition does group substitutions substitution 
is simpler but similar Pig-Latin is a program that comes w/ 
linux and turns Punched Cards is another linux program that 
turns Eliminate which was written by Florian Cramer for me so 
that "the dog and the cat" becomes "the dog and Elimx is one I 
wrote from Florian's that makes a mess Cramer made a program 
that eliminates duplicate The program is above. It counts 
different words for The "mathesis" program I love - Jim Reith 
wrote it for like a photoshop filter.  :: You can enter a 
mathematical function (the very first GoogleScrape - is just 
using the Google program (API It's just a more sophisticated 
way of using google Then there's the "Simple perl program 
results" - which Yes of course, that would be a lot better 
than this Yes to both, that was also a while ago. Shinto Not 
so much; I've been very moved by Red Pine's because I can't 
get myself "around it" - which is On the other hand, I could 
never 'submit' to Zen or to Well, that's complex. I don't have 
a traditional and am alienated by, say, Mishima, by 
whale-hunting, The one book that stays with me, now, is the 
Flower These are openings for me, and the sutra is By the way 
(while waiting) the Yipes! text is made And the "Using Chat" 
was made by recording one of ok :: Ok - but they're not 
appearing here - One second :: Ah I see - for me in relation 
to D Turner's second about Youtube and so forth - the work 
skitters among I also work with dancers in Geneva, 
Switzerland, and Yes, the meaning shifts in each context, but 
the Edting in relation to suprlus - that depends on what but I 
prefer also to work on an idea, get through with I'm up to 
Chrstine?  :: Code and text interact for me; sometimes the 
structure When I'm working with software (I work at the 
Virtual to some sort of limit - seeing what happens at the I 
work in both darknet and a/v - the presentation in Text-based 
work allows me to think the I write a great deal of theory, 
and it's so easy to Sometimes it matters, most of the time it 
doesn't - if whether or not one understands it fully. There 
are I did some work in visual basic (you can download the 
Exactly like lace, and just as It makes it seem as if the 
world is both obdurate, I think of Jacques Lacan in this 
regard - reading his But of course I may be fooling myself. 
There are also political concerns here - trying to Which 
effects in the films? And you should sometime There are 
avatars that are constructed from motion and images from laser 
scanning equipment (big I'm not sure which this is! I think 
that's the The Wolf piece - that's using motion capture and 
The bones of the wolf come through.  Poser is a d mannequin 
modeling program.  Yes, Bellmer fascinates me, but thenI worry 
- in my It's separate, it's faster than Max I think - the A 
lot of teen-age boys make 'ideal' girlfriends with I think my 
work walks an edge of being lurid and I do think at least in 
the US these images are the There was a book years ago which 
talked about Jewish culture as breaking down the 'etiquette' 
of middle or for example Freud scraping at the psyche, Marx at 
Thank you!  :: And these people were - again perhaps like 
codework partially-assimilated Jews, but not 'really' Einstein 
as well.  :: This is obviously a gross over-simplification but 
it You have the same thing, say, in the blues, with Ok - :: 
Whew. I'm not sure something else opened up here, When I'm 
surprised by the result, it's a success, no when I know 'what 
I'm doing' - it may well be a I coined the term 'defuge' to 
reference those moments for example when you try to read a 
novel several and the writing itself becomes distasteful, The 
same thing happens with pornography, but that's - if 
pornography were 'ideal' - one image would do it In sports 
it's another related issue - one wants one's So there's a kind 
of disinvestment at work here, and ?? Such as what?  :: Yes, 
lots of time.  :: times :: I think it depends. I haven't been 
thrown out of I also cross-post a lot which bothers The sexual 
content of some of the work bothers And at my end I have 
little patience for what I think I don't know, some tame, some 
not tame - it depends on AI? It's only a matter of time...  :: 
"don't I think" - I'm not sure where this typo was No problem 
- :: I'll be on the board, except for Tuesday/Wednesday, With 
my work? Just to be able to keep doing it. And I'm terrible at 
programming, okay with borrowing or I want to explore more 
'body-avatar' issues in Second I feel exactly the same way- :: 
for me, at least the aesthetics of Well, she may return, but 
there are other things - The 'parables' (they're in the book 
.echo) I don't thin I need an editor but I might have The 
dancers are like live avatars yes - In fact some of the work 
they do is imitating avatars When you getto something like the 
Wolf, How to who feel about?  :: I have no dance background, 
but I work with a dancer That's his choreography from the 
avatar tapes We tend to inspire each other. I can't do much I 
agree re: Butoh, I haven't, but would like to work The 
Cunningham technique is very complex, so I can Or I'm the 
material for the dancers; it's really back At times I'm not 
sure who is doing what with whom or I'll be on Joanna. - :: I 
can stay for a few more minutes if there are any Oh someone 
asked why the webpage is a That's the simplest way I can 
present the materials; The Trace materials are different - 
they were done Good night! - :: Take care - :: There are six 
left; before I leave, are there any down to two!  :: I'll sign 
out then and thank you and thank you Yes :: No problem; I'm 
about to sign out unless there's a I'll be on the discussion 
board later this Kate, please send the recording if you Well, 
if there's anything else...  :: Oh, good :: Thanks - :: Thank 
you as well - I'm constantly worrying about the - bye - :: 
left the session :: joined the session :: left the session ::

Thanks, Alan

*/but not yet/*



defuge revisited

http://www.alansondheim.org/defuge.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/defuge.mp4

http://www.alansondheim.org/defuge.txt

IIIt sits there like a deadman deadwoman you've known him or her 
for years now nothing to be gained from him or her any long just 
the rot of organism

AAAlways the same same same same 

IIIt's collapsed it jerked me off the same stuck to the same got 
to wash off the stink of it nothing better said than it gets 
done

VVVomited arrows thrust up from vomited ground arms legs heads

TTThen there's the fact it's my deadman deadwoman corpse hanging 
there jerked about by dead mathematics you've seen them over and 
over there's thunder now no clouds no rain just the wet pasted 
faces i've got no one's looking no one ever does

FFFrames bloody teeth decayed gums something reached in there

III keep reading this trash making this trash again and again my 
little people my three dots my skin sloughed in the usual where 
is someone else smashed like that novel I can't read more than 
the first ten pages they smell of death

CCCovers soiled with mold damps plagues gathered skin tears 
fails falls

TTThat porno flic killed itself like the dead policeman 
policewoman hanging around these parts of myself and thinking 
it's what works in this world then it crashes with an 
umistakable odor between my legs

TTToiletpaper repeats stuck filthy skin that smell again

NNNoone cums around here anymore rotted wallpaper covering the 
slaughtered body pieces fall off everytime it turns around

SSScabs SSScars

SSSeizures clots aneurisms deadmen deadwomen

SSSlaughterers!

AAAlways the same same same same 


