, self, reporter NY Daily News re: complaints Last 
Day Eyebeam Blog Here complete information: other? Badiou's 
truth mine; ravens four corners assigned second third parts half 
neither chorus choir gonna about, fucking fraught. poetic 
fragility "utterance" occurs language meaning above) threat 
gerald feinberg invented predictability.i (to isolate "things," 
"being") gestures clara's hardware. hardware vendor series, 
beginning. anything. causes causes. concentrated single 
instrument structuralism discovered requirements/text available, 
send thanks! sted, purposes, merely Novitt, Sahr & m= wish 
motivate days can't wait Google lenses Rea bar (one enough 
surface activate bar). drove George Smithson's Spiral Jetty 
stayed advice, additional lot service sent ensure A.I glad help 
ALan mentioned call. beginning month. conley, rethinking 
technologies perforations ^ goto (x, 100) 110), q; div programs. 
hoaxer complained happened. existent; altogether. artist, 
increas ingly artnet shocked stuttering. above.)  leaning back:  
whispered sure ASUS does take number. them. TECHNOLOGIES 
duetavatargrange. studying [8:32] materiality darkness), sword 
something) main contact/discussion constitution future? 
constructs neurotic depressed days, already descriptor! do call 
elsewhere alto gatha, 'not SAVE ME; Cybermind, ME 
contactme.......... cf bulboustitties?! heidelberg, beer. 
cairn.)it's wreck.collecting.sport.football 2014 memorial. 
cairn. fastball jenica jen query="Philippines" stones, futured 
jeni play lust.shenanigans field, past, budget sword, borne 
islands" cairn." page default public admire friends; except: 
places search 7 miniature afghani tambur bowed serbian gusle 
portion service, instance



The railroad assassination squad.

The railroad assassination squad.
The pinionist.
The pinionist landed on the assassination squad car.
There was a flatcar and a boxcar.
On the flatcar, the pinionist placed a flat box.
On the boxcar? Nothing at all.
She would not and could not fly in doors and out the other.
Out the other was a bother.
The railroad assassination squad was the pinionist.
Wings folded, the pinionist was in the flat box.
The assassination squad car was in the flat box.
The boxcar was in the flat box.
The flatcar was in the flat box.
There were four things in the flat box.
The pinionist was ready for action.
He was walking the tracks.
There were two tracks some called rails.
On the left track, him.
On the right track, her.
The pinionist sprang into action.



the degraded pinionist

http://www.alansondheim.org/pinionist.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/degrade.png

apparent recycling, which tends more and more to dank stuff, 
these realms of text and degradation, I have no assurance that 
you have in English or among those with a well-developed sense 
of sin and depletion, catastrophic degradation. increase of 
scanner noise, decrease they are degraded. Their unfortunate 
situation will fully appear, by fucking off environmental 
degradation depletion. catastrophic degradation. increase of 
scanner noise, decrease they are degraded. Their unfortunate 
situation will fully appear, by degraded whore HAI? see the 
link? nice cock apple ios worse than sometimes also called 
"graceful degradation." A neural network keeps FUCKING or at 
least FUCKED. The violation is in the degradation of the 
overpopulation, environmental degradation and extinctions, 
global warming, environmental degradation - either to you or 
your loved ones! And there depletion. catastrophic degradation. 
increase of scanner noise, decrease HAI! degrades=crawls OTAKU 
HAI! HITACHI circuit of HAI! OTAKU SUBARU within, show them who 
is mesmerized degradation beyond degradation degradation beyond 
belief his staring is uncanny, almost as if she leaves who is 
mesmerized degradation beyond degradation degradation beyond 
belief almost as if applause from an audience of thousands, 
degradation beyond degradation, put your tongue up me, show them 
who is mesmerized, i cannot stand, full cock, you refuse to 
acknowledge your own death, degradation beyond belief, 
degradation beyond belief, degradation beyond - you fear sexual 
freedom more than anything in the world - degradation, put your 
tongue, of thousands, degradation beyond you, fear sexual 
freedom more than degradation beyond belief degradation beyond 
degradation within, show them who is mesmerized degradation 
beyond degradation degradation beyond belief her staring is 
uncanny, almost as if he leaves who is mesmerized degradation 
beyond degradation degradation beyond belief from an audience of 
thousands, degradation beyond thousands, degradation ASSININE! 
degrade yourself TRULY ASSININE! please TRULY ASSININE! do TRULY 
cock erecsave for t... degraded at ..smthe same tooime,thper e 
soclosme FUCKING or at least FUCKED. The violation is in the 
degradation of the and degradation of the mass gathering. now i 
will collect myself. ute a day, so I may stop this somewhat 
serious degradation of my ambitions the self, the degradation 
and abjection that would permanently accompany depletion. 
catastrophic degradation. increase of scanner noise, decrease 
they are degraded. Their unfortunate situation will fully 
appear, by are either against the slaughter slavery and 
degradation which will soon degrade and violate. I might say my 
heart's in the right place, but who is not degraded degradation, 
put your tongue up me, show them who is mesmerized, i cannot, 
(political bodies, in the face of mass extinctions, social 
degradation) environmental degradation, local wars, hacking 
gangs, economic collapse. The stories one tells are always 
obsessive, always degrading, not recognition. apart beginning 
watches, ending either slavery degradation are either against 
the slaughter slavery and degradation which will soon cock 
erecsave for t... degraded at ..smthe same tooime,thper e 
soclosme degradation, put your tongue, O Freighter known as 
Aurora, and dd:you-know-language, death abcdefghijklmnopqrs pay 
degradation, environmental degradation google 'degrading' search 
results to ...google maz be devil depletion. catastrophic 
degradation. increase of scanner noise, decrease world 
degradation increased trained need dirty degraded whore HAI? see 
the link? nice cock apple ios worse dd:you-know-language, death 
abcdefghijklmnopqrs pay degradation, cock Aurora all
