

MY FUTURE IS YOUR OWN AIM

                                                     --- Alan Sondheim


Dear Tenure Committee,

In order to fulfill my duties pursuant to full-time employment without 
fear of censorship (something all too often in our country, alas!), I will 
answer the following excellent questions which you have posed, to the best 
of my ability, directly, I appreciate the time you have taken to develop 
them, in relation to the more general theme of the direction of future 
literature, if there is a future, if there is literature. Please excuse 
this format, since of course there is no tenure committee, no tenure, no 
holdfast in the fast-forward sea of media/information flow. And of course 
committees are nowadays temporary at best, designed on the fly to handle 
particular problems that appear, perhaps disappear or transform before 
adjournment.

* Comparing writing practices from the years 1995 & 2005, what do you see 
as being the most significant historic development(s) in writing(s) in, 
for & with digital environments in the past decade?

This of course depends on what is meant by 'writing.' Writing per se has 
not changed; what has changed is mechanics, performativity, technology. 
Probably most of the writing world-wide is currently within the worlds of 
blogs, Wikis, online gaming, and so forth. In 1995, almost everyone 
online, AOL users excepted, was familiar with the command-line interface 
to some extent. Being on line often meant dealing with unix shells (today, 
linux shells). This created a sense of being close to the bone, literally, 
in relation to the net itself; when I'm online (as now) in the unix shell 
at panix.com, I can enter a command such as 'who' - and I will get a list 
of everyone on now, as well as what software they're using, for example, 
are they sending email, working in the emacs or vi editors, and so forth. 
This community, one might say, communality, is always in the background, 
even though I rarely hear from these people. The computer is always 
already shared. I'm aware I'm writing electronically within a network.

Today - and this started with the dumping, by AOL, of around two million 
users onto the Net a decade or so ago, most people are shielded from the 
undercurrent, what I've called the 'darknet' (before this term was taken 
over by the media for other uses). Today, being online usually means 
working with GUI, graphic user interfaces, which are well- and sometimes 
over-designed. The number of commands available are less with a GUI editor 
(the full number of unix commands runs to over 1800). The code - the 
protocols at work - is increasingly invisible, and the Net is increasingly 
taken for granted as an appliance, just as the Mac is appliance-oriented 
in relation to the 'under the hood' approach to the PC.

So writing has moved more and more towards graphics dynamisms, beyond 
javascript and dynamic html in general, even beyond flash, towards Java 
and other encodings. And with this, there has been a counter-movement 
which is extremely interesting - that is, more and more people, from a 
very young age, are now engaged in modifying programs, working with the 
bare-bones of the GUI or programmatic level. A good example is the 
increasing use of Machinima, a collocation of programs that allows one to 
create narrative and experimental film within and through games and game 
engines - the result is the ability to work directly with avatars as if 
they are actors in a script as perfect as you can make it.

Another major change lies in the demographics; there are now close to a 
billion on the Net (which means five billion not on it, not connected in 
any way), and within this enormous quantity, there must be tens of 
millions of writers and artists. New work appears daily, hours, from just 
about everywhere. Students in the industrialized countries often have 
access to online, if not broadband; many of them are doing fascinating Net 
art, Net writing, what have you. The days of 'net art' as a category 
defined by a few (paralleling, say, the NY gallery system), are long since 
gone; we're dealing now with massive social change, massive creativity.

* How have this/these development(s) influenced your own artistic 
practice?

I learn from students whenever and wherever I speak. I use available 
technologies as much as possible. I'll leap from operating system to 
operating system; the days of 'Mac versus PC' or linux, etc., are over. I 
still tend to work in unix shells, because they're bare-bones, fast, 
incredibly supple, fun to explore, easy to program, but I'll also use 
motion-capture equipment when I can, as well as any audio/video/etc. 
programs that come along. For example, I work a lot with AudioMulch, which 
creates soundworks through 'granular synthesis' - a form of particulating 
the aural dimension, literally working with grains of sound, particles, 
instead of sound-waves. The results are fast and at times wildly 
discontinuous. The program runs in WinXP, and has its own networked 
interface which is both fun and exciting - you think different through 
tools like this. As far as writing is concerned - I don't care whether or 
not I'm writing/sounding/visualizing; it's all a mix, all developed 
cross-application, cross-platform, cross-technology, cross-output devices. 
I've got a show coming up in Los Angeles, and I'm busy collecting as many 
monitors, computers, transducers (specialized speakers and microphones) as 
I can find; it will all run together, on what would appear to be a neural 
level, metaphorically.

* How would you characterise institutional support for and institutional 
reaction to these writing(s), and to your art practice in particular?

Well, first of all, there's money; I've got to be an equipment junkie to 
some extent since I'm always upgrading; at this point I probably have half 
a terabyte or so of finished work. There's considerable backup involved; 
there's also real problems with data and knowledge management. I find 
peripheral institutional support; in other words, I'm not really salaried, 
I can't find employment, but I do get access to tools, conference 
stipends, and the like. My work gets around. On the other hand, my 
health-care is mediocre, and if it wasn't for my father, I'd have none. 
Most of the artists I know have managed teaching jobs in English or Art or 
Art History or Computer or New Media or Modern Culture and Media 
Departments; I haven't been so lucky, which I'm sure is partly the result 
of my somewhat anti-authoritarian personality - but also the result of 
institutions being unable to classify exactly what I do, and where they 
see me fitting in, to already established genres/disciplines.

* What role has trAce played in facilitating the developments and the 
reactions identified above? What role has trAce played in facilitating 
your own practice?

This is also difficult to answer; trAce has turned out to be as fragile as 
so many other online institutions (which is related of course to the sea 
change brought about by the dot.com era and its demise). trAce put me in 
touch with a community, and gave me the opportunity to work with other 
practitioners and programmers; it also allowed me to work in an extended 
diary form, which I hadn't explored before. On the other hand, the core of 
my work was impervious; I think it would have developed in the same manner 
in any case. For example, I've been working for a long time on the 
phenomenology of the analog and the digital in relation to each other and 
the way they 'meet' at the limits - this started, say, two decades ago, 
and is currently resulting in a series of articles and pieces.

In relation to the first question, I don't think any institution really 
has facilitated or hindered the developments indicated - these are driven 
more by technologies and demographics, by micro-institutions and micro- 
managements, not by any particular group. It's a sea change; trAce was 
part of it, and for that matter, we're all part of it. trAce provided an 
'intensification,' a TAZ (Hakim Bey's 'temporary autonomous zone,' a loose 
gathering that comes together, later dispersing, much like flash mobs) - 
for me, panix did as well, as did the School of Visual Arts and the New 
School here, etc. It's a melange; it's no longer the world of 'movements' 
and manifestos, unless one is blind to anything and anyone but a small 
group of peers. We're riding the riding of knowledge management; we're all 
part of Google, in other words, part of the roiling databases that 
constitute our world.

* Do you see the developments & reactions you have identified above having 
a lasting impact upon art, literature & wider culture in the 21st Century?

I'm not trying to avoid responsibility, ethical or metaphysical, in these 
answers. I've taught courses in futurology, and am so aware of the 
difficulty of prediction in any case. The Net and information explosion - 
really an implosion in terms of human/cultural subjectivity, is moving far 
too rapidly to make predictions. A few years ago, for example, push tech- 
nologies were all the rage; no one hears of them at this point.

When we talk about 'wider culture,' are we talking about the five billion 
who are not online as well? About the violent wars that increasingly 
dominate life on the planet? About mass extinctions which are slated to 
kill off all megafauna within, say, the next fifty years? I think instead 
we're talking about a relatively secure (for the moment) enclave within 
the educated classes of industrialized nations, at least those which 
permit a degree of freedom of expression.

We're simply at a loss here. There were earlier models - if you look at 
the early history of radio, for example, you find that kinds were hacking 
receivers, that transmission was a do-it-yourself phenomenon, until 
everything got absorbed by corporate and bandwidth concerns. Money was 
there to be made and the powers-that-be clamped down.

If you look then at the early Net, the shell-driven darknet, you find the 
same thing; one reason the Net is so vulnerable to attack, is that it was 
never meant to be completely secure; there wasn't any reason. The Morris 
worm of 1988 among other things changed that. Before that, there was 
community and whole cultures - for example newsgroup cultures - that have 
disappeared for the most part, just like the early text-based MOOs and 
MUDs have mostly disappeared.

So we have this model - darknet - and we can find predecessors, but these 
weren't recognized at the time, and the scale/scope of the thing is so 
qualitatively different as to make comparison more or less useless. The 
same is true now; it's just the beginning of the 21st century (which, for 
humans, may well be the last), and we have no idea what will occur in any 
field. (Look for example at the world in 1905 - air travel just begin- 
ning, radio in the development stage, no WWI, WWII, atomic power, atomic 
bomb, the flu epidemic hadn't yet hit, no computers, Net, no information 
grid - information theory hadn't yet been born, and so forth. For that 
matter, communism hadn't really taken hold, the planet's flora and fauna 
seemed eternal, etc. Quantum theory was largely unknown, Einstein was just 
working on special relativity, and our view of the cosmos was largely 
classical, in spite of minor disturbing anomalies.)

So back to the question - yes, all of the above will have a major impact 
on art, literature, culture, in the 21st century. But I have no idea what 
that impact will be, in what direction. Certainly multiculturalisms will 
be increasingly foregrounded; the planet appears smaller and smaller (we 
have to remember it isn't). We're approaching the carrying-capacity of the 
earth, that is, its ability to sustain (mostly human) life given 
increasing population levels. This, more than anything, will effect 
things. We can expect religious and other ideological fundamentalisms to 
rise in popularity and violence; as humans become more desperate, 
salvation often appears just around the corner. How will the arts react to 
all of this? What will constitute the class (or mob) of cultural workers? 
We know that things will change, but we don't know how.

Two forces: On one hand, ensuing chaos (J.G. Ballard is a prescient model 
here), and on the other, the enormous inertia of the human species: for 
example, the world recognizes the need for heavy and immediate cutbacks in 
industrial emissions/pollution, yet the United States will do nothing. Or 
again, 'everyone' recognizes that megafauna are disappearing, yet close to 
nothing is happening to change that. People live within their habitus; the 
human motto is more or less 'not in my back yard' (NIMBY) - and that goes 
to explain a lot.

* Does contemporary digital writing(s) fulfill the claims made for 'new 
media writing' during the course of the last decade?

I'm not sure what these claims are. The concept of 'new media' has been 
around far longer than the phrase; new technologies almost always carry 
signs (if not posters!) of overcoming. Will new media writing replace the 
standard book/page? Judging by demographics and usage, hardly. Will 
e-books replace the book? Again, unless electronic paper really gets off 
the ground, hardly. A physical book is a personal object that carries the 
marks of its being-read, from owner to owner; there's no indication that 
this will be replaced. With temporary print media, on the other hand - 
newspapers, magazines, handouts, etc., the opposite is true; offline 
newspaper readership is going down quickly, while online is rising. There 
is also the issue of authority/authorization; blogs are rapidly becoming 
news sources themselves, particularly conservative blogs, which are often 
quoted by conservative talk-show hosts. One can imagine that rumour and 
innuendo will become increasingly prevalent in this regard, just as 
Wikipedia seems to be experiencing growing pains as biased writers have 
used it as a platform for particular ideological viewpoints (not that 
neutrality etc. isn't an ideological viewpoint).

So... That new media will replace the old? No. That new media will augment 
the old and vice versa? Definitely. That it's becoming increasingly 
difficult to even discern what 'media' are? Absolutely - are blogs media? 
MOOs? Online games? The tcp/ip protocol stack running the Net in part? 
Particular technologies such as immersive game couches? It's difficult to 
even discern where one 'medium' ends and another begins; the definitions 
are in the minds of the beholders/users, those who subscribe, in both 
senses of the word, to one or another outlets for their community, 
communality, creative expressions.

Now I will refer to your list of discussion topics, again commenting on 
them, however briefly, however tenuously; I hope I remain available for 
continued employment at this institution:

* The institutional settings of new media writing(s): These are primarily 
universities, software houses, web design companies. Independent new media 
writers (if such remains a category) have a difficult time of it. On the 
other hand, institutions such as West Virginia University's Center for 
Literary Computing, have been generous in granting archival/presentation 
space for writers. In my own case, I use both WVU and a commercial host; 
the latter gives me ongoing statistics concerning the distribution of my 
work. But one of the advantages of online writing is the ability to work 
with nothing but a computer, at home, with a local web page or even ftp 
site; you can still develop a world-wide audience.

* The relationship between academia and new media writing(s): My immediate 
response is I'll go crazy if I read yet another paper on the exigencies 
etc. of hypertext. Forgive me for being cynical here, but online work of 
any sort is ideal for academic theorizing, presentations, since it almost 
never involves anything but being online; it's easier to become 
politically engaged (or to feel oneself politically engaged) through 
online production, than to actually march in the streets. Much of the work 
I value - much of the code- or experimental- work I think is breaking new 
ground - is produced entirely outside the academy. Conferences are both a 
leveler in this regard, and a barrier, since few independents can afford 
to attend them.

* Art policies and development strategies for new media writing(s): This 
topic is a bit frightening for me; I think of say Blake or Rimbaud or 
Ginsberg or whomever in relation to 'development strategies.' I hope there 
aren't any. If you're speaking about strategies of teaching or production 
within an English or New Media Department - that's something else again, a 
pedagogical issue. To answer the latter briefly:

  1. Immediate personal online production - websites, blogs, Wikis, email
  lists. 

  2. Immediate access to computers possessing adequate software for image/ 
  text/video/sound production.

  3. Access as much as possible to computers off-campus.

  4. Exposure to as many sites as possible.

  5. Visiting artist programs which give students the opportunity to speak 
  with practitioners directly.

* The audience for new media writing(s): Unfortunately mostly new media 
writers (and academics). Look for different demographics with videophones, 
text messaging, Internet Relay Chat, the old CuSeeMe, Instant Messaging, 
pagers, and so forth.

* The economics of new media writing(s): There are numerous economies at 
work. The first is bandwidth, which is a political economy, the dispersion 
of carrier usage, home broadband or dial-up terminals, etc. At one point I 
taught files should be under 30k in size; now my own sometimes reach 30M, 
a thousand times larger. The second is simply making a living, which can 
be extremely difficult; new media writing, outside the limited teaching or 
performing venues, brings in nothing. The third (I've written of all of 
these above) is again technology. My own performances require up to twelve 
Quicktime video/audio files playing simultaneously, and I've had to buy a 
laptop which can handle these.

* The historical context of new media writing(s): This opens up a can of 
worms (I like worms). I think the roots of any sort of inscription are too 
numerous to relate vis-a-vis 'historical context.' I've see new media 
theorized as originating in film; in writing; in books; in technology; and 
so forth. I wouldn't bother looking for an origin; there isn't any. 
Instead one can talk about discourse networks, interpenetrating discursive 
formations, 'epigenetic landscapes,' and so forth. Reductionism doesn't 
work. For myself, I tend to emphasize ruptures over flows - that new media 
writing, which relies on the performativity of language (i.e. language as 
active interaction with user and technology), is a collocation, a heap, of 
breaks with the past. In this sense, history only gets in the way; I think 
its main use might be in the (re)consideration of aesthetic criteria. 
(Production has become largely micro-situational: what works here, now, in 
relation to such-and-such tools, such-and-such potential audiences, etc.)

* The relationship between new media writing(s) and other digital arts: 
The former is embedded in the latter, and vice versa. The former is 
concerned with symbolic inscription, graphemes, written and spoken 
language, and the latter can be anything. They overlap in numerous ways.

Conclusion:

On one hand, there isn't any. On the other, the very tenor/tenure of my 
remarks above (and they are remarks, not theoretical explication, although 
any remark is theory-embedded) emphasizes a deep inexplication of new 
media, writing, and new media writing. I'm not arguing for anything 
primordial - only that, given the ongoing slaughters etc. occurring on 
planet earth, given the limited energy and life-sustaining resources 
available, and given the fast-forward changing of human demographics and 
technologies, predictions become highly problematic. We are caught in the 
midst of flux we barely understand; for example, from an ecological point 
of view, the extinctions we are engendering are greater than those of the 
Precambrian or the 'age of dinosaurs). We have created the greatest 
communications network the world has ever known, and the first waves of 
world-wide communities and communalities. We have created these with the 
most fragile devices, redundancy notwithstanding. We have the opportunity 
to reach out to other, to witness and participate in multiculturalisms to 
such a great degree that the Other is now ourselves. New media writing 
contributes to this; it does not stand alone as a cultural manifestation 
or style. It is a way of electronically witnessing the world, creating or 
recreating the world.

trAce is an early and important example of community. Writers and new 
media practitioners have been brought together from around the world - not 
only online, but through the Incubation conferences as well. To some 
extent the trAce community is now dispersed or dispersing; this is the 
case with all networked communities, I believe. I hope there are archives. 
I hope there will be someone around to read them.



