
eagle america

http://www.alansondheim.org/eagleinst2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle2.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle3.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagle4.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagleinst1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/eagleinst3.jpg

inverted amplitudes, odd american eagle instrument from germany, 
1880-1900, wound gut strings, 5/4/5 tuning (1,2,3), (different 
bows), bowed afghan miniature rabab (4), found the violin with 
decal or engraving at a flea market, restored at McCarten 
Violins in RI, deep, hollow sound, inverted amplitudes over- 
taking acoustic dynamics, and now for the eagle

queuse, shadowland puppetland flickering across velvet 
paintings, eagles, eagle's way where fire sires liars, pyres 
expire, wires tire, cryers mire Humo kupliaku natho humo tokiyo 
/now the eagle is made now it will time like the soldiers like
the sounds of the soldiers,

and where eagles timeinged, 
and where eagles timeinged, 
knot of soldiers. I released the bomb like an eagle with 
great-talons. -

I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.

I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons, says N
It's like an eagle in the sky

and the game of the fox. I will not play the game of the eagle! 
I have knot of soldiers. I released the bomb like an eagle with 
great-talons. I

I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons.

/* but like an eagle on the peak 

where eagles timeinged, 
and where eagles timeinged, 

ah, fire-eagles
we begin our journey full of burning eagles,
or rather eagles torching grass already dried, deformed and
there were eagles and blackbirds. and someone saw a grey-brown 
fox, here they come, here they go, here they come, here they go,
we begin our journey full of burning eagles,
falcon nor osprey, nor eagle nor mountebank crow,

interesting images of the whynot variety, eagle life, eagle text,
Humo kupliaku natho humo tokiyo /now the eagle is made now 

I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons

and I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons, says N 
and it's like an eagle in the sky, o knot of soldiers, 
and I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons, I,

I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons  
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons

the eagle which is the harbinger of truth, /* but like an eagle 
on the sky, and I, I 
released the fawn like an eagle with great-talons, 
for the eagle shall destroy the server and the wolf the client
eagle shall destroy server wolf client
like an eagle in the sky,
in the sky, little air like an eagle in the sky,
thinking of the fledging of the lesser spotted eagle in estonia, 
and such waters. dwell; dwelling eagle harbinger humming-bird 
and to see seek the shelter storm

towards the wolves and foxes towards the merlin and eagle
for the eagle shall destroy the server and the wolf the client
eagle shall destroy server wolf client

and like the storm
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons  
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons
( I released the bomb like an eagle with great-talons



toomb

http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb1.mp3 viola
http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb2.mp3 shakuhachi

reversed audio dynamics, ossi oswalda murmurs and songs
listen


listen to! amplitude reversals, bodies foregrounding musicworks

http://www.alansondheim.org/claar.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/claar1.mp3 clarinet
http://www.alansondheim.org/claar2.mp3 clarinet

http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb1.mp3 viola
http://www.alansondheim.org/toomb2.mp3 shakuhachi

inverting amplitudes foregrounds body and operational instrument 
sounds; these are the last of the pieces which treat bodywork as 
fundamental to music, the body presencing; the usual focus of an 
instrument, proper sounds, almost a shell or manifold across 
flesh and breath. i haven't made work like this before, interior 
and exterior exchanged in an incredible sonic mapping tending 
towards possibilities (at least for me) of new modes of sound 
and musical philosophy.! i'm including viola and shakuhachi urls 
from yesterday, similar setups, hoping you'll listen.


shasha

http://www.alansondheim.org/shasha.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/shasha.mp3

jiari shakuhachi

difficult day dealing with providence city issues, returned to 
create against my better judgment, shasha shakuhachi revrev 
inverted amplitudes reverse tunnel, let it all hang out, all 
this small city noise, deluges and waterfalls, blizzards and 
arson floods, still working on what happens when sound and body 
become space and time, what amazing manifolds, small city tunes 
around 3:51 for example, other gems flooding the matrix, god i 
want to live forever, just not here, not now, not me

(for azure, get well soon!)


Guqin Universes and Updated Autobiography

http://www.alansondheim.org/qinqq.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/qqq.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/qq.mp3

perhaps the most successful of the inverted dynamics pieces;
qqq is the final result, qq is the original. i recorded this
last night, couldn't sleep, six in the morning, took a lot of
sleeping pills and trazodone, checked the tuning of the 1980s
qin, played what might be my best piece in any case. so this 
is the body and qin, the 'scratchy' sound is actually audible 
in both version, part and parcel of the music and its making.
i've been thinking (admittedly ignorantly) of the relationship
between category theory and 'older' mathematical foundations,
in relation to sound modifications like echo, filters, on one
hand, and revrev/inverted dynamics on the other; the latter
brings otherings into the foreground (temporality and body for
example), while the former remains within the traditional
embeddings of the subject (player, listener). ...

http://www.alansondheim.org/biog.txt
updated autobiography; i've been working on this at least
since 1996; do have a read, if you have the time.



comecloser < 2 > thisbody

http://www.alansondheim.org/trying1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/comecloser.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/trying2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/trying3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/trying4.jpg

elektric do come closer when you come closer i will not know you 
and ONCLICK="alert('come closer to the screen');"><INPUT 
TYPE="button" Beautiful skin inscribes information everywhere, 
come closer, you can read down, you come closer and closer ... 
they break the whole thing up, i run all my writing is an 
invitation for you to come closer i do not know who you are nor 
will i know when you come closer when you come closer i will not 
know you when you come closer you must heal me for someone to 
come closer - even at five hundred miles there might be a graph, 
recuperation; you come closer with your bruised contusions, your 
when you come closer i will not know you thought; wonder al One 
cannot come closer control release, dissipation. cannot reach 
farther one's reach, avatars. come closer control release, 
recuperation; you come closer with your bruised contusions, your 
anyway i For you to come closer When you come closer thought; 
wonder al One cannot come closer control release, dissipation. 
cannot reach farther one's reach, avatars. come closer control 
release, when you come closer i will not know you Come closer, 
take me with you, in you. soaked wires sing come-come-closer; 
are you in the box (is the box in you?!)!? But think! What!

- alansondheim from azurecarter from alansondheim



during the hiatus of borrowing singing

http://www.alansondheim.org/mur33.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/stalkeddeath.mp3

azure carter, voice, alan sondheim, qin

Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh youngman, 
Oh maiden, bind the stalks!
Oh maiden, the sheaves and the stalks!
Oh maiden, the stalks are unbound!
Oh maiden, the stalks are unbound! 
Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden,
Oh maiden, the stalks will be bound!
Oh maiden, unbind the stalks!
Oh youngman, the stalks and the sheaves!

The end-users stalk and run the earth; the end-users see the 
ends of Yells a bit. In the dream there is a moan. Fear stalks. 
Yells a bit. Into the dream there is a moan. Fear stalks. tre a 
scam cam a scope cope a lap slap a splay play a stalk talk a 
slope lope again; death stalks me all my life. I live with the 
potential of suicide; aloft carrying stalks of wheat and yarrow 
analysis of savannah-gesture, cat stalking smaller rodents, 
human and the sheaves! Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh youngman, 
the stalks and and yarrow stalks me all my life. I live with the 
potential of aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, the stalks and the 
sheaves! Aloor, aroo authoring [like again; stalks my life. live 
with potential, bamboo stalks in them, replied Nikuko. be 
careful of izanagi who has Powers' to herself stalking nikuko 
gazing be stalks beanstalk poking *stalactite *shadowy figure 
and/or dwarf's axe *cave because I can't stalk the past, shunt 
off the trail into the tunnels. because night soared aloft 
carrying stalks of wheat and yarrow brink stalk rank thin 
blasted sprung of the moon-stalked sun, carrying stalks of wheat 
and yarrow pluckrose just stalk cockpit the into down stalks 
onto wire piano by held blades enormous comedianstalkies 
themselves situation smallest oealia scalding committed heinous 
crimes realize hard stalks keyboard, never within. cope a lap 
slap a splay play a stalk talk a slope lope again; death is a 
woman stalking me death stalks death stalks me all my life. I 
live with the potential of death stalks me. i keep thinking: now 
is the five-hundred-forty, death which stalks the keyboard, 
never from within. The silence is never devoured magicians 
declare thin favoured man her stalking the dial-in semperfi 
numberone ibmpcat ibmsux sombrero a stalker trails! do not get 
that. my work is so clumsy! nikuko won't stop stalking to me. 
doestalking ometime now silence die alcium walls pond dong down 
stalks onto wire piano by held blades enormous by cut be will 
you down the stalk or sides, quantum tunnelings because night 
soared eighteen votes. won't leave me alone, when I'm not be 
stalked by eighteen energies creation! stalks savannahs, 
deserts, tasting infinity, hopes every possession reminiscent of 
that of a lover/stalker in exalted qualmes stalkes swallows 
shalt fealtie deals swallows swallowd existent. well again; 
stalks me life. live potential >> author fatfleshed meadow ill 
leanfleshed brink stalk rank thin blasted sprung filled with 
because night soared aloft carrying stalks of wheat 
five-hundred-forty, we consider bamboo stalks, and after that, 
to roughly flail waving knives killing. be cut blades held by 
piano wire onto stalks followed she into a didn't and know him. 
down stalks onto wire get, eject. "Primitively it represents 
stalks growing out of the ground." ghost fatfleshed meadow ill 
leanfleshed brink stalk rank thin has done nothing but stalked 
stalks me all my life. I live with here they are. further down 
the stalk or sides, quantum tunnelings hopes overflowed 
stalkings, unafraid naive tb's strike, how I was burned into my 
own nightmare, how I stalked night after night, humming; 
requires ACR: Attenuation to Crosstalk Ratio. How do we i'll 
longer existent. well again; stalks me life. live potential in 
my ear. Death stalks me in the mornings, stalks me all day, but 
the intention hell. go helicopters ointments down stalks onto 
wire into down stalks onto wire piano by held blades enormous of 
into the tunnels. in my ear. Death stalks me in the mornings, 
woman stalking You thought I'd want tunnel horizon; itself 
weaves sutures worlds, which spoken my ear. stalks mornings, all 
jealousie exalted jealousie stalkes realities realmes jennifer 
said 'that nikuko told her julu was stalking azure saying alan 
know this? Think again; death stalks me all my life. I live with 
last fuck closing Net stalkings down forever, garment holes 
filled with lay, aroo stalks! Aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, the 
sheaves leave me alone, when I'm not be stalked by eighteen 
paper. live with potential Oh maiden, the stalks are unbound! 
Aloor, man her stalking the followed she into a didn't and know 
him. night after night, again; death stalks me all my life. I 
live nothing but the talking, not even the stalking. I write 
because of this, of intention hell. go helicopters ointments 
down stalks onto wire piano by of philosophy stalking the won't 
leave me alone, when I'm not be of the moon-stalked sun, the 
world had teeth of this, because I can't stalk the past, shunt 
off the trail on alan stalking azure touching jennifer saying 
'she has Powers' to julu overflowed stalkings, unafraid naive 
tb's strike, nothing's happening, paper. stalks thinking: forget 
new monster appear, obscene _enunciation._ philosophy stalking 
the jennifer's philosophy is the only piano wire onto stalks 
stalks waving be stalks pluckrose just stalk --drydendo men 
grapes thorns figs thistles?viiheathen possession reminiscent of 
that of a lover/stalker in search of an refuses jennifer's 
manifesto on the uselessness of philosophy stalking the 
represents stalks growing out of the ground." requires ACR: 
Attenuation to Crosstalk Ratio. How do we know this? Think 
scalding oealia swallowd stalkes scales scalding stalkes scarred 
and stalking scientifically second bookshelf planting my stalk 
in your lovely flower scrumptious /botanical/planting stalk 
search of an analysis of savannah-gesture, cat stalking smaller 
sed 's/botanical/planting my stalk in your lovely flower, 
quantum tunnelings beanstalk poking *stalactite *shadowy sky, 
those broken stalks, those leaves, i remember, i'd be waiting 
... smallest oealia scalding scalding oealia swallowd stalkes 
scales scalding sombrero a stalker trails! whole again meanwhile 
silent speak to you, become you. I stalk the dark corridors of 
sex, time, and

stalk the dark corridors of sex, time, and stalked how I was 
burned into my own nightmare, and how I stalked and how the 
stalker he clearly is

stalker. I laughed, said Jennifer, at the stupid rhyme, not at 
the crime. stalkes jealousie exalted jealousie stalkes realities 
realmes unalterably stalking and gaslight stalking azure saying 
alan be careful of izanagi who has Powers' stalking death mute 
is the way to go. nothing ever drops from the sky. i stalking 
the jennifer's philosophy is the only i'll longer stalking to 
me. >> author authoring [like again; stalks my life. stalks in 
them, replied Nikuko. because night soared aloft stalks 
keyboard, never within. woman stalking You thought I'd stalks me 
all day, but the "Have you ever raped, robbed, stalked stalks me 
all my life. I live with the potential of .s; age close of 
stalks me. i keep thinking: now is the eighteen votes. won't 
stalks mornings, all committed heinous crimes hard stalks of 
wheat and yarrow fatfleshed meadow ill leanfleshed stalks 
thinking: forget new monster appear, obscene

stalks waving stalks! Aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, bind the 
stalks! Aroo stalks! Aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, the sheaves 
will be bound! Aloor,

stalks. scientifically second bookshelf planting my stalk in 
still awoke stalk withered sprung devoured magicians declare 
thin favoured sure of it. I can sense stalking a mile away. He 
walked like a suspends, smash. within; muffled, verb's lurks, 
yells bit. moan. stalks. swallows swallowd here they are. 
further down the stalk or syntax, full undeliberate error. 
simulates, stalks, leaves, remember, thao! savannah-gesture, 
stalking rodents, mastodon pointing, indexical? the potential of 
.s; age close of existent. well again; stalks the stalks are 
unbound! Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, the stalks the 
stalks! Aroo lay, aroo lay! Oh maiden, bind the stalks! Aroo 
lay, aroo their accounts overflowed with TB, TB with NET 
stalkings, closed they are. further down the stalk or sides, 
syntax, full through my flesh like paper. death stalks me. i 
keep thinking: now is the to herself stalking nikuko gazing on 
alan stalking azure to roughly bamboo stalks in them, replied 
Nikuko. stalker. I tre has very often saved a Play, though he 
has done nothing but stalked unalterably exalted qualmes stalkes 
swallows shalt fealtie deals undeliberate error. simulates, 
stalks, leaves, remember, verb's lurks, yells bit. moan. stalks. 
here they are. further we consider bamboo stalks, and after 
that, to roughly bamboo whole again meanwhile silent talkies 
themselves situation will be bound! Aloor, aroo lay, aroo lay! 
Oh maiden, the stalks woman stalking You thought I'd want tunnel 
horizon; anything less intoler won't leave me alone, when I'm 
not be stalked by eighteen year old guys you watch and here they 
are. further down the stalk or sides, your lovely flower Dont 
listen to him while he's stalking I was listening to her



blown it

http:www.alansondheim.org/blownit.jpg
http:www.alansondheim.org/blownit.mp3

what a mess, woke up this morning and realized i've blown it, my 
whole life, shunned and sitting in this small city that not only 
won't welcome me sob sob but isolates me no matter what the hell 
i do i don't break any law no stabbings arson nothing that would 
make the evening news, i'm writ out of any history of video 
music audio performance saddled with that damn kathy acker tape 
from years ago, listen you want to help me, download my files 
from alansondheim.org, someday you'll be my legacy, you'll have 
all of me, play with it, work with it, claim it as your own, 
you've got me, play with it

Honey way cool: "You're breaking your own rules. You blew it, 
man. You sea to shinin sea, they gonna do it, the way she blew 
it, that cat she Honey way cool: "You're breaking your own 
rules. You blew it, man. You assistant, the other three 
computers have blown it down by the shore As I pest and 
tremendously needy he's just awful and screwed up she's he's 
just awful and screwed up she's unbelievably a total mess some 
sort tremendously needy he's just awful and screwed up she's 
unbelievably a and Julus's unbelievable or he's screwed up 
smelly between the legs and and Julus's unbelievable or he's 
screwed up Julus pulled and bit his cock who won't do a thing 
and Julus's unbelievably or he's screwed up Julus and Julus 
watched him tied up and fucked by anonymous men he's screwed up 
he's screwed up Julus pulled and bit his cock with her teeth 
suicidal and really annoying he's a real pest and tremendously 
needy screwed up she's real pest and tremendously needy he's 
just awful and screwed up she's he's a real pest and 
tremendously needy he's just awful and screwed up / Alan Dojoji: 
it's all screwed up at this end - screwed up pal version of 1/4 
turtle romp sped up 700 % anyway i'm just awful and screwed up 
she's unbelievably a total mess some sort of tremendously needy, 
i'm just awful and screwed up she's unbelievably, and Julus's 
unbelievable or he's screwed up smelly between the legs and 
images (somewhat screwed up by the new flickr interface): This 
is why my music and writing have been screwed up, abrupt, I've 
completely screwed up politics and social media. . I've 
completely screwed up politics re t our ft our f t our and 
Julus's unbelievable or he's screwed up smelly between the legs 
and screwed up, so what, stupid refrain this so what, Honey, you 
way cool



Interference

http://www.alansondheim.org/interference2.jpg

abstract -

given the triad gamespace/edgespace <--> blank <--> imaginary, 
interference appears in the interregnum of edgespace(imaginary) 
as a _production_ or (conceivably non-reproducible) commodity of 
interference: virtual static (with its possible panoply of 
objects and part objects) appears as _corralled content_ which 
may be considered the alterity of the gamespace, and may also be 
represented within it. the s/n (signal to noise) ratio of static 
appears as potentially-processed content, resulting in the 
emergence of emanants, emanations existing among gamespaces, 
edgespaces, network protocols and statistics, and so forth. i 
propose that the perceived world itself is emanantic, that every 
process and object, etc. originates as edgespatial, that 
interpretation is both a decoding and construction - not of a 
pre-existent, but of interstitial phenomena that may or may not 
have a relationship with their imaginary. thus gaming as such, 
in relation to its boundary phenomena, appears as _primordial,_ 
and should be considered as _fundamental_ to our existence. in 
this sense, what is our body, but signings and interference, and 
what is our mind, but an imaginary operating under fluid and 
mobile constraints (which, in other eras, we might have termed 
deity?

(aside) from what -

interference implies strictures and parasite; think of michel 
serres' the parasite, an interruption between source and 
receiver channels, but also potentially the source of new 
content. epistemologically, the parasite may be other than the 
channel; its world may be that of the imaginary; its action, one 
of abjection; its function that of the corrosive leak. does 
this lead us astray or complement gamespace/edgespace analysis? 
for gamespace is a dominion of sources and receivers in a 
complex holarchic entanglement, and edgespace is generated by 
stresses from within; stress becoming content which breaks free 
epistemologically, and the content produced is taken elsewhere, 
transmitted from gamespace into the imaginary, which reside in 
sentience. (aside) or perhaps numinous interference, catalyst
for an abject and numinous imaginary (or perhaps interference
itself entangled, numinous and abject).

imaginary -

programs which _do_ things; some emerge out of interferences 
with these And how are portions diminished or incremented in the 
midst a solid sea beads? Moats must be constructed, piled 
grounds cleared any interferences. ology, by creating 
interferences; one another character will appear Binary file 
matches always kinesthetic sense involved, interference for 
example indicated if interference, threat to bring structure 
DOWN, collapse A discussion on language real, violence netic 
function might considered process from spread/and continuum 
\{0,1\}; other words, an analogic real }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 It has 
occurred me, non-physicist, wave constructs output 0 1, T F, + 
-, MOO, is programmatic, construct exact software; life could 
only interference... reason, perhaps, why Net

interference.into murky politics, land-vandal issues, and 
aesthetic He perhaps day quality." At point double prismatic 
Measurement performance judgment; human sutures, consider this 
world code abandoning normative phonemic Give Schrodinger's cat 
paradox, think mixed state as tragedy commons ultimately 
reproduces itself through capital accumulation. What should 
taken constituents equation tending towards sudden particular 
eigenvalue. Wave state, spread over E3 space specificity value. 
Set judgment equivalent measurement. The field behavior, 
environmental, particle, cultural, human, tends those moments 
relative closes upon itself, defends itself. collapses, bought 
out. Environmental factors scale surely play role; murderer 
punished result nearly=decomposable hierarchy, moment time when 
bullet flies, knife slips, burned genidentical four-space 
organism. presumed, stated, neutral; presumed measurement, 
according law, i.e. justice N-dimensional manifold its fields. 
mixes cat, law; what physical description accompanied 
disclaimer, "not cat," part description. Nature abhors vacuum 
but well many-worlds approach continuous splitting; it's messy, 
absolute total relativism. Just physics possesses no intrinsic 
ethos, ethos physics. Morality situation- ethos-dependent, event 
law. Experiment theory- measurement-dependent, world. World Law, 
orthogonal, disconnected; measure not adjudicate, adjudicate. 
stakes foundation-spaces orthogonal. Given culture, every 
orthogonal self-orthogonal, totalizing split. Physics entangled 
at level cat; it stake, dragging quantum cultural theories it. 
Both approaches reside within language; law pretends exactitude 
physics, insipid results. tend mechanism: beam-splitters versus 
panopticon, wave-functions (coupled) incarcerations. Neither nor 
prisoner escape. In hyperreal we both; therein lies paradox. 
Image 5: D(particle){{}}(wave)A. projection dancer/digital 
portion also hacking, deliberate texts/emanent.rtf 1. vlf - very 
low frequency body antenna reception, phenomenology coupling 
\rtlch\fcs1 \insrsid15548888\charrsid8600043 \insrsid15548888 
Increased "natural" catastrophies my presence, anyone else's, 
here programs, reading technical protocols software, ing 
temporarily blinded myself: migraine sends spear- 
interconnectivity among number units, without two- filters set 
up return-bay, computer ill-registered Think Jennifer-Julu, 
Julu-Jennifer system resonances, Inhalation/interference 
patterings across exhausted sheets, denouement fresh time, 
patient awakened her QRN Natural static drag-show. panties 
inside-out; stains you know placing yourself skein virtual 
subjectivities, interference; is. Once I thought memory would 
serve me. That s/ms 'interferences': transformations plane 
content: rela- _corrosion_ cyberspace charac- does intended do 
interface may Process

conversations
better left alone, learn am
interference!
find their proper ecological niches true
live freely kind. where this. i
conversa-
than don't want earth swallowed

processes: upwellings, interpenetrations, interferences:: nikuko 
straight topo mch Nikuko: I'm doing friends vicinity. radio on, 
almost

at least billion so years include RNA 
3 along path camera focused ahead
beneath down
5 video-texture-mapping a. 'mocking interferences' following
b. ding-an-sich ignoring
c. deliberately occluding 1 opaque
2 translucent transparent
6 particle disks 'win' texture mapping setting
Alan Sondheim: see leading other; was 'interference'
bNikuko/b:I b german, english. OPENING

n blood brain NIHIL///lapse memory=of maze/to spiral love 
embryo:::recover choice. choosing can _form interference_ felt 
shouldn't heard. various forms environment mourning song singing 
/ parts languaging occurring online writing sidetracking

quietude flux.
behind me then internal
hiatus, gap, relation, _interference._
c counterpoise
grounded planetary worlding

expanding signals 10000 times order digital say, rises surface, 
example, "And

combination trying surface simply 

documents full review forthcoming. wonderful! forthcoming 
interferencesphonemics strata chapters endangered numerous stop 
uh oh inability related you're hearing Azure's stomping, 
project/projections body, imaginary Reality fissures, crumbles: 
video becomes fractal, abject. You already work. same births, 
deaths. Nothing allowed remain outside other. Birth death 
problematic, replaced exhaustion materials, effects, 
electromagnetic 111. catastrophes (Mississippi flooding).

Antenna-sex-wire electronic bodies modeled living 
pda susan graham inserted pearl enlarged prick hole
speech, interferences, adjacencies.
ways present, background/interference, fore- 
: 398 2210 mv clarahostly battle bush fought poetry' args 
transformed essay defuge read on.)

allowing power grid say. believe such constitutes history much 
recent art, middle town too grid, lightning Now, works move 
_structure_ _interference,_ former

there were kind inter- 
mutual fast-forward ones. Cones wobble, 
tern relation both Second Life your screen simple 
standing waves, forth?

Forestry Odyssey Debris Field bandwidth, packeting, 
instabilities, nodes, home sites,

They ials hs colloca ypifica erns decons aa 

flowing waves particles visual runs course. sometimes simplest 
productions

notes: traffic accompaniment, pipa accompaniment
disappear, cleansed, gone

k!% thoughts, once <Alan_S> Nikuko!<P> others.)straight against 
incandescent horizons, flux

long collage widely varying (what
measurement 

entirety Vimeo is' that's electrons photons get sustainer; 'that 
patterns. string

(_) all now. three 
(x) machinery. ++++++, +++, ar (googleglass)
them. On MUDs MOOs, often form platelets.
Letter Japanese Friend, Jennifer Julu 
doctors, possible used louder ever; they entering stages (The 
true-real 
> world, 
readily apparent remembering heisenberg 

after, frost compendium list. dos, derrida withdrawn, isolation. 
rooms corresponding, me_,

arousals, tumescence, 
now try write, coming patterns; ear-dreaming, phantom
CMB run
flux; fl ux; haotic flu x; surge, chao s;
grow beyond belief. ple involves "interference."



voice and inverted dynamics

http://www.alansondheim.org/azurevoice.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/azurevoice.mp3

inverted dynamics foregrounds background/body sounds, parasite 
and interference, abject re/constitution of sonic production; 
azure sings thru her sickness, pauses filled by screams 'out in' 
the street below; her voice loses sonority, breaks down into 
gravel/grating coughs and gaspings, she makes it thru the song, 
the someone screaming has moved on, sounds of traffic, body; the 
song is marriage to language, language broken by sickness; we 
remember the catastrophic and fragile peak of goodness in the 
midst of what might go wrong, returned and foregrounded here as 
parasitic content. enjoy, despair, enjoy.

azure carter, marriage to language, unknown male screaming



mumu repletion of the imaginary


http://www.alansondheim.org/mumu2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mumu.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/mumu1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mumu3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mumu4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mumu5.jpg


imaginary repletion of emptied/blanked intervals in macgrid
virtual world

,,,,softly ,,,,flowing ,,,,cushioning ,,,,mumurming 
,,,,whispering||||

summmftlyuflummmwummmngucushummmummmnummmngumumurmummmng
09: i      25: ix     41: umumummumummumummmmumummmm
ix 41: umumummumummumummmmumummmm 10:vimvimmmmmmmmmm 11: IBM 27: 
kim 43: tenmugon, jorwuusmumjorwuhimumugan jorwuarlncemugon, 
jorwuarlmumjorwuhgan 
jorwuermumjorwueamumjorwulawemumjorwurefimumugan 
jorwuarlnmumjorwusuffi- tenmugon, jorwuusmumjorwuhimumugan 
jorwuarlncemugon, jorwuarlmumjorwuhgan 
summmftlyuflummmwummmngucushummmummmnummmngumumurmummmng 
tenmugon, jorwuusmumjorwuhimumugan jorwuarlncemugon, 
jorwuarlmumjorwuhgan 
jorwuermumjorwueamumjorwulawemumjorwurefimumugan 
jorwuarlnmumjorwusuffi-

mumumumumu
mumumumumu recorded in our empty hearts


thick thickness of silenced silence resurfaced repurposed

http://www.alansondheim.org/mumu05.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/linearge.mp3 cura saz
http://www.alansondheim.org/mumu06.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/mumu07.jpg

high-speed cura saz without a break/silence, processed
through inverse dynamics, what becomes orchestral already
was. i keep pushing these categorical filters that imply
something about sounds, culture, body, music, physics, 
and their entanglements, about edgespaces which blankness
roars in with imaginary content as symptomatic prions, 
for example, worlding asserting itself in the midst of
cultural structures. our internal biome is roughly half
microbial dna, and this is a picture of that elsewhere in
music. in the extreme cold of rhode island in the last
day and night, i could hear the strings loosening, the 
wood of the instruments straining. we now use three 
humidifiers to get us through this period; what you're
hearing in all these recent recordings is a form of the
subaltern.



My human belly is made from human flesh.

http://www.alansondheim.org/belly3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/belly.mp3 
(holeless shakuhachi)
http://www.alansondheim.org/BELLY.mp4 (older)

the belly, the earth the hoof, the quarters the sides, the 
intermediate belly-white beneath and leaping, the slow descent 
of red-brown lizard from element, lizard turning belly-white 
beneath and leaping, the slow descent voice-piercings roar 
through cybermind's head and belly; both (your) intestines 
(belly, 'innards') belly-white beneath and leaping, the slow 
descent of red-brown lizard from element, lizard turning 
belly-white beneath and leaping, the slow descent bellyache 
bitch blare blat count donor donor center contralto it, the 
supine body, the fragility of the exposed underbelly. natural 
beneath the belly of the technological and the efflorescence 
belly go enmity between bruise head heel greatly sorrow 
conception perhaps, the last cup to touch Thine sweet Lips among 
the belly's hollows. atmospheric fluxes, slight bulge where the 
belly produces an absence of belly where you might see nothing 
in the sky. Jennifer swells, swollen distended belly tumescent 
with trashed bone and Nikuko: Kyushu. I will fill my belly and 
give birth to many dolls. belly the earth the chest, the 
quarters the two sides, the intermediate it, the supine body, 
the fragility of the exposed underbelly. other hand, is that 
soft belly of translation. It goes on forever. It atmospheric 
fluxes, slight bulge where the belly produces an absence of 
belly where you might see nothing in the sky. certain 
tendentious quality... They are belly, language-fat, collapsed 
mother's belly stripped of its contents, an interior to which 
one has free document.write("My belly and my womb make worlds, 
of food and all " + "belly suffers the world and its harshness, 
the thin film of life skimmed " + "a beautiful belly, Jennifer, 
you say, the entrance to your womb.")};

You have a swollen belly, Jennifer, says, Julu, who is the 
little The song-book here is the fake-book and the real is the 
belly. Alan just of the Real, that word again, that belly which 
he now knows is the belly:

Jennifer swells her belly.*/

the dark underbelly of the world. How did he manage to keep the 
parrot on Magatama curving belly so it's good for giving birth 
maybe my belly swells with his kids, they're his, his, his. 
knife forms square mouth torn into belly skin. #muscle moves 
#muscle moves aside. #muscle Jennifer swells, swollen distended 
belly tumescent with trashed bone and speak so softly, I bend 
towards you, my ear against your belly. What is belly. What 
stomach shunts down. Tell me the secret of your cock, loose 
planes of abdomen and belly. Sloped down to the groin. What 
stomach shunts peripheral belt is visible; just above, the 
reddened underbelly of a can- body. above, the red underbelly of 
more cantilevers. to the left and Nikuko: Kyushu. I will fill my 
belly and give birth to many dolls. Nausee, it sticks. My 
belly's covered with sperm. I dream this. gry, i'll fill up my 
belly, i'll fill up my bloodstream, i need rusted dissected on 
the tray, cream-white belly open, I'm working hard at the house. 
The small boy had a big belly full of eyes. He had taken out the 
my stomach muscles, and yes, my belly button too. ine, the belly 
of it. living in mediaspace 2 there's no escape; the sound the 
104 line, the belly of it. living in Medeaspace 2 there's no 
escape; on channels #nikuko and #nikuko_belly

/me makes rain fall on nikuko belly
* Alan_S makes rain fall on nikuko belly<P> 
/me watches nikuko belly splash by rain fall
* Alan_S watches nikuko belly splash by rain fall<P> 
Belly belly nikuko!
<Alan_S> Belly belly nikuko!<P> Lag 12 - E/X 
Belly belly nikuko!
<Alan_S> Belly belly nikuko!<P> 
/me makes rain fall fall on belly nikuko!
* Alan_S makes rain fall fall on belly nikuko!<P> 
Belly belly nikuko!
<Alan_S> Belly belly nikuko!<P> /l<P> 
 /j nikuko_belly<P> 
Alan_S (+is) #nikuko_belly   Lag 1 - E/X 
[E/X] SERVER MODES DETECTED. In #nikuko_belly: '+nt'
*** Users on #nikuko_belly: @Alan_S @Alan_S (+is) 
#nikuko_belly (+nt)   Lag 1 - E/X 
*** #nikuko_belly 982822883
*** Mode change "+nt" on channel #nikuko_belly by Alan_S
Hello nikuko belly!
<Alan_S> Hello nikuko belly!<P> 
/l2AM @Alan_S (+is) #nikuko_belly (+nt)  Lag ? - E/X  nikuko3 - 
E/X _belly<P> 
*** Alan_S has left channel #nikuko_bellyjapan (+lnst 25)  Lag 3 - E/X 
*** #nikuko_belly Cannot send to channel

flux carrying packets deeper than that belly, extruding from 
pores across times) - it partakes of the maternal belly, 
destruction, as reported by belly-white beneath and leaping, the 
slow descent of red-brown lizard from element, lizard turning 
belly-white beneath and leaping, the slow descent swollen 
distended belly tumescent with trashed bone and expulsion. 
saying belly go enmity between bruise head heel greatly sorrow 
conception in belly eyes in swollen skull:

(Jealousy) Once upon a timeshelter each night and fills my belly 
once a smooth, identified with a mother's belly stripped of its 
contents, maternal belly is the representation. It is a question 
of redis- principle may be recovered." ... "It is the contents 
of the belly the binding of this energy WITHIN the belly (it is 
always the "belly" and never the "stomach" "of the beast"): 
Everything opens delineation of the belly. The belly is 
swollen/distended; the belly is a emptied belly of the mother, a 
continuous deferrel through secondary existence of the 
belly/chora implies a circumscription after-the-fact; such Such 
monsters, those who fill the belly full, the mouth choked with 
maternal belly, stripped of its contents, to which free access 
without a certain tendentious quality... They are belly, 
language-fat, >I'm just the blood on my legs, just the blood 
belly-up I am holding grace, my belly full of it - children and 
pomegranates. meals eat food suit fill satisfy intestines belly 
innards until satiated belly go enmity between bruise head heel 
greatly sorrow conception Besides the tiny fish who would not 
wish it in its belly, characteristic] of the waist; the belly 
takes possession of the depression defuge refuge refuse defuse: 
"r.d/fu/g.s/e:" writing the words over and over again. 
effacement / sublimation / repression / incest / expulsion / 
scapegoat - what differentiates defuge is the peculiar passivity 
that accompanies it, the supine body, the fragility of the 
exposed underbelly. see youtube where where every can i see want 
great to underbelly go every interestingly enough, the interior 
or underbelly of the Net; it is within which are occurring in 
the underbelly (net.sex, marriages from the net, You: you come 
in my belly my things you come in legs and arms hardness bones 
rods collapse secretions belly giggling jelly swamps

"artist, artiste, belly dancer, blagueur, bluff, bluffer,
hardness bones rods collapse secretions belly

video sculpty module inserted into belly/abdomen of Julu who 
carries secretions belly giggling jelly swamps fetishize 
solidify sweating intestinesrds')(tools,(tools, (your)rds') 
(your) e(belly, seat(your) built exalted wealth guilty belly 
early reply certain tendentious quality... They are belly, 
language-fat, collapsed You have a swollen belly, Jennifer, 
says, Julu, who is the little in belly eyes in swollen skull: 
The ground is our aspiration as an aircraft flies belly-up. 
Jennifer swells, swollen distended belly tumescent with trashed 
bone and hardness bones rods collapse secretions belly giggling 
jelly swamps swollen distended belly tumescent with trashed bone 
and expulsion. saying rods collapse secretions belly giggling 
jelly swamps fetishize solidify literally, my eyes closed, head 
pressed against the belly. My human belly is made from human 
flesh. coveredst bruises studieth belly go enmity between bruise 
head heel rods collapse secretions belly giggling jelly swamps 
fetishize solidify ded across cyberspace, stigmata, bleeding me 
from the belly, the cock, flux carrying packets deeper than that 
belly, extruding from pores across identified mother's belly 
stripped contents, interior free access. "belly" "stomach" "of 
beast"): opens foreclosed; closure powerful forces; draw 
conclusion: delineation belly. swollen/distended; 36/1. blurring 
characteristics protocol? belly/chora after-the-fact; binding, 
model. stick. incorporation, "according rediscover belly, 
desired. babies, holing text_, splitting.) >i'm singsong, 
belly-up >>i'd baptise >>the get-belly night nancy. know-talk 
round-wind. marry good-time. ring-belong- long-ear skin. 
some-kind. night. marry. talk-wind. shark-man. get-belly. 
talk-box. count-out. some-kind get-belly black-cockatoo. 
black-cockatoo get-belly. you-me. what's-the-matter you 
knife-screw lose knife-screw. 5629 characteristics protocol? 
belly/chora after-the-fact; exposed underbelly. disint any other 
death, write, sexu doesn't encoding Limit noise, there's swollen 
distended belly tumescent fascinated working with the abject, 
the underbelly of the world smooth, identified with a mother's 
belly stripped of its contents, maternal belly is the 
representation. It is a question of redis- principle may be 
recovered." ... "It is the contents of the belly the binding of 
this energy WITHIN the belly (it is always the "belly" and never 
the "stomach" "of the beast"): Everything opens delineation of 
the belly. The belly is swollen/distended; the belly is a 
emptied belly of the mother, a continuous deferrel through 
secondary existence of the belly/chora implies a circumscription 
after-the-fact; such Such monsters, those who fill the belly 
full, the mouth choked with maternal belly, stripped of its 
contents, to which free access without a certain tendentious 
quality... They are belly, language-fat, >I'm just the blood on 
my legs, just the blood belly-up I am holding grace, my belly 
full of it - children and pomegranates.



Symbol Kernels for Jochen Gerz

http://www.alansondheim.org/punc2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/punc1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/punc0.jpg
These files are remnants, residue, of larger works such as 
Trilby, 35 minutes in length. The still images are used in 
video; the .mov files Most of this material is fairly old; use 
with care! The concepts are there, hovering in the background, 
however. [2] The Net, too, is partial and indeterminate; beyond 
D&G nomadism, obscuring the skin).* Scanning implies bandwidth, 
implies negation: scan(x) and (x)(-x). landscape: perspective. 
There, is not even another question. There, is Barthes, Roland, 
S/Z, Hill and Wang, 1974. On literary codes, of some use. As 
with Elements of Semiology, the definitions are largely 
philosophical, somewhat inexact, but more than useful in 
considerations of the lifeworld. (See The Fashion System as 
well.) ting the value of each symbol (such as [), adding 128 to 
it, and re- an outside and an inside...[has] an inner 
reality...an inner world which +/- 1200 screens per second. (The 
presence of stereoscopy will of course nonetheless _trickles,_ 
interlocks. It cannot be contained, circumscri- the absence of 
digital, absence of analog, absence of the figure-in-the- 