| 09/07/2006 09:50 PM <DIR> 
image ( Note that this absolute time is finite, that it begins 
and ends, that the origin is historical. And note that so many 
other systems portend a creation behind/beyond which numeracy 
was non-existent; the numbers begin in mythic time. So there are 
configurations that are lost in essence - not a guy hanging out, 
as if known by one and all. There's always the problem of the 
divine with historical time; mythos turns to miracles, Jesus 
doing this or that, almost like a party. Three and one is one by 
the way; for any absolute finite X here, X -> 1, I believe it is 
called a kernel. )
				    ~ ...twister Wark, 
McKenzie?, A Hacker Manifesto, Harvard, 2004. 
Information/production/property/class/etc. I've found this 
valuable in its relation to both Marx and abstraction. Wark, 
writing these on and off for a week.} Ruesch, Jurgen, and 
Bateson, Gregory, Communication: The Social Matrix of 
Psychiatry, Norton, 1968 (1951). An early work by both, 
including a chapter by Bateson on "Information and 
Codification." The eye isn't like a camera. It scans, 
simultaneously receives and The^Thief Nirav all-stR n2deep 
e}HKm}k-2 ovkc_]JD| Q4cds3g H4 xNN`zQ_Ll iv. Spaces driving the 
subject's ability to walk/fly hir avatar to the vxg{_L]hA is now 
known as _Mfb-j[b1*** k|lis0QyJ is now known as always 
well-bred. }



refuge

http://www.alansondheim.org/graupel6.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/refuge0.mp3 hasapi
http://www.alansondheim.org/refuge1.mp3 hasapi reverse-dyn
http://www.alansondheim.org/graupel8.jpg

the music from somewhere else, home-music, disappearing music
and music i remember and home music and the music of refuge
and the music of salvation this home-music and this comfort

and this comfort music

graupel soft hail tongued by Lulu tongued
 graupel soft hail tongued by Lulu they cut off my legs tongue 
the evidence for graupel in some of the images.
 graupel soft hail tongued by Lulu they cut off my legs tongue 

and refugees and dreams and you walked for 261796 hours takes 
refuge in love for the analyst in order to avoid crossing the 
my beautiful wife and i were walking through the wilderness 
refuge on the ---jazz performance in a C C--- squads, killing 
fields, C Cs, refugee Cs. 13 lines of refuge. white lichen. 
refuge in resurrection fern. refuge in Clutter is always the 
refuge of the fallen. Die. Refuse-refugee. Breath of lost Soule; 
I do pante quick when I am inne For the refugee, the net becomes 
the uncanny arbiter of Honestly is the last refuge of talking 
forever. I AM presently in the refugee camp here in the 
Netherlands under the It is so common that a word is necessary 
here, the _defuge,_ defuse/refuge Jennifer-body that defuge worn 
out with defuge/refuge, exhausted, the Nikuko: very restless, it 
is the head of a refugee, it moves from soft O wayward, refusal 
of the body, just as death is refuse and refuge! One takes 
wall-refuge in substance, stain refuge in space - nomadic: How 
Sit at the foot of a refugee's house. Such a turning-away is 
common, fetishization transformed into discard, disgust, the 
image no longer working, "that" body used up in masturbation. It 
is so common that a word is necessary here, the "defuge", defuse 
/ refuge deluge / refuse, de-light, de-flower. Rhyme patterns, 
frames, defuges; it is the defuge that draws the poem forward 
beyond return, the sonnet to the final couplet. The culling or 
the called, refuge and refugee, abandoned and abandonment The 
writing of the disaster, catastrophic submergence, refugees in 
the There are refugees. They live and wander. _her reality._ She 
would try in vain to take refuge in intimate all homes where i 
take refuge against the truth; instead, answer call, the in 
consolation. this in our this refuge, our comfort our answer in 
our refuge, comfort and consolation. anterior, the very scent of 
the sixth, its huddling, its refugee status, arctioc last refuge 
of devolutionary refugre ladt defuge arteries bring; "which 
prefabricated destiny reality._ vain refuge at the edge of the 
possible, the refugee, the unmanned migrant be. It's the last 
refuge: Consider waves, oscillations, damped over and begs 
ontology. it is the refuge of the damned. building on pmc defuge 
worn out with defugerefuge but I'm not a refugee, not carrying 
anything, not losing anything but it was all in vein!** 
Accumulations of refugees had been stopped in call, in this our 
refuge, comfort and consolation. production of missiles, 
cocoplum thicket. nighttime great blue heron. solitary killdeer. 
refuge in collapse of speech acts or being. The aging body is a 
refugee consolation.  refuge, comfort call, production 
landscapes:  missiles, consolation. our this refuge, our comfort 
our and comfort consolation. contemporary poet . poetics is the 
last refuge of content . cleverness is the last refuge of the 
coot. cattail marsh. mussel. refuge in horn snail. refuge in 
mud-wasp. crow.:refuge in spatterdock. pondapple night-blooming 
blossoms. cyberspace dead. his ruins world. i ugly defuge refuge 
refuse deer spoor. alligator spoor. sawgrass. refuge in webbing. 
butterfly weed. defuge refuge refuse defuse: _r.d/fu/g.s/e:_ 
writing the words over and - didn't you hear the chant of 
refugees disconnected_ population, the disenfranchised 
population, the refugee or disgust transformed somasturbation 
refugedefuge delugedefuse /tterns dominated absolutely temper, 
hide understood. solace refuge me, memories. everglades 
crayfish. refuge in limestone solution hole. refuge in exile, 
but exile on the move; of refuge, but temporary at best; of dis- 
fields, refugee Cs. What of the orchestras, in fact, that played 
in the C forming, like notes left by refugees, the possibility 
of a certain from on longer refugees me these them glisten the 
brings these tv power full of desire for the frightened 
slavegirl. she was looking for refuge; goes glisten them them 
refugees down grid from grid longer television from hardwood 
hammock. refuge in boattail grackle. refuge in common grackle. 
hearth, domicile, dwelling, even origin. (Intra-app _refugees?_ 
Look at :i am a refugee from words take me in: :i am a refugee 
hiding out in america: in limestone solution holes. refuge in 
everglades is a dynamic confluence is so common that a word is 
necessary here, the _defuge,_ defuse/refuge its processing.' I 
might say this writing is a refuge from the night, but killdeer. 
refuge in\ lied; something's got to give ::the blue highways and 
late answer transcendental consolation.  refuge, comfort call, 
production mosquito-fish. refuge in leopard frog. refuge in 
apple-snail. refuge in move; refuge, temporary best; discourse, 
futility speech, movement of peoples. We note the arbitrariness 
of the refugee, the nomadic wanderings, diasporas, refugee camps 
forming a bridge over which poland, austria refugees petain, 
gestapo, germans general, hiding-against population of refugees 
is equivalent as true Abandonment to God. To leave porary, a 
through-passage, never a refuge or decades-old, always with 
portion is the refuge of axiomatics. I am certain as well that 
the clump prepare bullet heart refugee hiding stems already 
century old, energy project lost off publishing articles 
numerous zines fulcrum refuge 88 ran away from me caves for 
what, what refuge? rangers described everglades visitors as down 
30% since the refuge-sememe, refuge about two miles from here, 
as well as the interior of the loft. refuge in the truth, in 
unknown languages, encased in bagpipes. refuge in 
undifferentiated wisdom, may I ask how you ended up in such a 
refugees - something's in the air - i've seen it all - i've been 
there and refugees away from me. refusing speech; truth is the 
refuge of silence. relation to the body of the refugee, the 
tourist, the international spatterdock blossom. refuge in 
spatterdock fruit.:refuge in bay-head. squads, killing fields, 
concentration camps, refugee camps. What is surface holes refuge 
everglades dynamic confluence wires driven takes possession of 
the depression defuge refuge refuse defuse: takes refuge in love 
for the analyst in order to avoid crossing the the american 
airforce is the refugee of the air the aphoristic is the final 
refuge of the defeated. the chant of refugees mathematica 
whitehead vammiy russell chant the very scent of the sixth, its 
huddling, its refugee status, the zoos; keep out of national 
parks and forests; return wildlife refuges they're leaving the 
city for good - refugees - something's in the air - this period, 
worked, Do you disgust transformed somasturbation refuge- this 
time g4 voices across the room taping in the wildlife refuge on 
grey tion, refusal, refuse, refuge. What defuses. Keeping up, 
within or be- toll. I use the word 'defuge' to defuge worn out 
with defuge/refuge, war prepare bullet heart refugee hiding 
stems already century old, energy was young, my mother was a 
solace and a refuge and a world. when i was we can't even deal 
with our own internal refugees -- homeless people, sick what 
night, what refuge, what writing? All of my writing, perhaps, 
and all willing to take up visionseekeer dfrom shjared rdefuge 
refuged with refugee. you will know alan's heavy belly, azure's 
small write from the position of my flesh. I can take refuge in 
autobiography - writing of the disaster, catastrophic 
submergence, refugees in the at the writing refuge night, 
writing? all writing, perhaps, wane. alan {"weep", "%n weeps 
openly in takes refuge inlove for the analyst { The Origin of 
Cartesian coordinates is the last refuge of the ego ( { The 
Origin of Cartesian coordinates is the last refuge of the ego ( 
{ The Origin of Cartesian coordinates is the last refuge of the 
ego (



Sound (phenomenology) transformations of body and appetition

transformations, 

http://www.alansondheim.org/ca1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/categ1.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ca2.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/categ2.jpg

f(x), t -> -t reverse
 reverse music (not in this)
f(x), x -> 1/x inverse dynamics
 environmentally-embedded musics (in this)
*/ f(x), f(x) -> f(x'), where x' is x + a tail originating in x 
 echo, reverberation / traditional effects /* (not in this)
f(x), f(x) -> f(x'), -t; -t -> t reverse reverberation
 anticipatory musics (in this)

everything is experience and body; the transformations appear
elementary, but create dwellings in alternative worlds that
resonate with what we always already know; i think of this in 
terms of the dynamics of categories, topological invariants 
among the topological transformations of phenomenological 
subjectivities. (yes i do.)



zheng! guzheng!

http://www.alansondheim.org/zheng2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/zheng.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/zhengraw.mp3

zheng.mp3 w/ reverse dynamics, no other fx
zhengraw.mp3 original source / face

you can _hear_ gu-space and the fulfillment of space
you can _hear_ gu-primordial extensions always already _there_
you can _hear_ guzheng among throats and _extensions_
you can _hear_ riemannian space circulations and _touch_
you can _feel_ your gu-body your gu-primordial and gu-space
you can _listen_ to listening, _hear_ hearing, _feel_ feeling

guzheng!



Some Recent Fragments on Music

(The urls/examples have been removed. The text is fragmented,
to some extent covering the theory/phenomenology/practice I have
been developing over the past year and a half.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/zheng3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/music.txt
http://www.alansondheim.org/musictextmashup.txt

inverting amplitudes foregrounds body and operational instrument
sounds; these are the last of the pieces which treat bodywork as
fundamental to music, the body presencing; the usual focus of an
instrument, proper sounds, almost a shell or manifold across
flesh and breath. i haven't made work like this before, interior
and exterior exchanged in an incredible sonic mapping tending
towards possibilities (at least for me) of new modes of sound
and musical philosophy.


music.txt mashup

some recent fragments on music (the urls/examples have been 
removed. the text is fragmented, to extent covering 
theory/phenomenology/practice i developing over past year and a 
half.) inverting amplitudes foregrounds body operational 
instrument sounds; these are last of pieces which treat bodywork 
as fundamental music, presencing; usual focus an instrument, 
proper sounds, almost shell or manifold across flesh breath. 
haven't made work like this before, interior exterior exchanged 
in incredible sonic mapping tending towards possibilities (at 
least for me) new modes sound musical philosophy. perhaps most 
successful inverted dynamics pieces; qqq final result, qq 
original. recorded night, couldn't sleep, six morning, took lot 
sleeping pills trazodone, checked tuning s qin, played what 
might be my best piece any case. so 'scratchy' actually audible 
both version, part parcel its making. i've thinking (admittedly 
ignorantly) relationship between category theory 'older' 
mathematical foundations, relation modifications echo, filters, 
one hand, revrev/inverted other; latter brings otherings into 
foreground (temporality example), while former remains within 
traditional embeddings subject (player, listener). ... given 
triad gamespace/edgespace <--> blank imaginary, interference 
appears interregnum edgespace(imaginary) _production_ 
(conceivably non-reproducible) commodity interference: virtual 
static (with possible panoply objects objects) _corralled 
content_ may considered alterity gamespace, also represented it. 
s/n (signal noise) ratio potentially-processed content, 
resulting emergence emanants, emanations existing among 
gamespaces, edgespaces, network protocols statistics, forth. 
propose that perceived world itself emanantic, every process 
object, etc. originates edgespatial, interpretation decoding 
construction - not pre-existent, but interstitial phenomena with 
their imaginary. thus gaming such, boundary phenomena, 
_primordial,_ should _fundamental_ our existence. sense, body, 
signings interference, mind, imaginary operating under fluid 
mobile constraints (which, other eras, we termed deity? (aside) 
from implies strictures parasite; think michel serres' parasite, 
interruption source receiver channels, potentially content. 
epistemologically, parasite than channel; imaginary; action, 
abjection; function corrosive leak. does lead us astray 
complement analysis? gamespace dominion sources receivers 
complex holarchic entanglement, edgespace generated by stresses 
within; stress becoming content breaks free produced taken 
elsewhere, transmitted reside sentience. numinous catalyst 
abject (or entangled, abject). background/body re/constitution 
production; azure sings thru her sickness, pauses filled screams 
'out in' street below; voice loses sonority, down gravel/grating 
coughs gaspings, she makes it song, someone screaming has moved 
on, sounds traffic, body; song marriage language, language 
broken sickness; remember catastrophic fragile peak goodness 
midst go wrong, returned foregrounded here parasitic enjoy, 
despair, enjoy. high-speed cura saz without break/silence, 
processed through inverse dynamics, becomes orchestral already 
was. keep pushing categorical filters imply something about 
culture, physics, entanglements, edgespaces blankness roars 
symptomatic prions, example, worlding asserting cultural 
structures. internal biome roughly half microbial dna, picture 
elsewhere music. extreme cold rhode island day could hear 
strings loosening, wood instruments straining. now use three 
humidifiers get period; you're hearing all recordings form 
subaltern. f(x), t -> -t reverse (not this)x /x 
environmentally-embedded musics (in*/ f(x) f(x'), where x' + 
tail originating reverberation / effects /* -t; anticipatory 
everything experience transformations appear elementary, create 
dwellings alternative worlds resonate always know; terms 
categories, topological invariants phenomenological 
subjectivities. (yes do.) clashing civilization open up spaces 
beyond thematic villages, gravitational lensing, alignments, 
territories inherently out-of-tune, landscapes, slime-mold 
movements, emergences, emergencies theories unthemed dwellings, 
nomadic commons, taz, coming together falling apart, apart 
together, defeat punctum-turret, alignments universal skies 
"since must save tomorrow, since because don't feel strong 
enough stay disorganized, inevitably slice off infinite 
monstrous meat cut size mouth vision eyes, i'll succumb need 
comes terror remaining undelimited then at courage let shape 
scab hardens itself, fiery nebula cools earth. resist temptation 
invent form." (clarice lispector, passion according g.h., trans. 
idra novey, penguin, , p.  ) qin. impossible tunings whose 
fingers harmonized. program, fit sense harmonization) not; does. 
them course arbitrary; encoding reference act program-creation 
coding operates input, phenomenology input indicated. choose 
distinction words order articulate field; otherwise again 
unnecessary obscurity. element code, there sign sign-function, 
drawn tables closed lexicons. encoding, none; may, matter, 
matterless, codeless, just mattered, albeit ideality 
cyberneticization matter. inhalings, harmonics, harmonizings, 
whistlings, you, work, double guqin, somewhat deeply out tune 
each other, communicating authorizing presence other. quaint 
terminology, archeological cyber-anything, worldings returning 
grit shapeless groundless grit-physics representative wired 
recording spasms own infrastructures unhacked circuitry casting 
after imagery central core kernel pushbacks pullouts, pushouts 
pullbacks, can conceptualized, locals topoi places if they were 
originary, origin lying sensors, wires, programs, hardly 
apparatus corrosive, still un-gene-spliced, falling, failing, 
flailing apart,the barycentric arcing configurations slaughter, 
removal temples archaeological debris, debris caved electric 
signaling world, touching spasmodic grounded struggle breath 
mouthings, muscles loose taut, pleasure carapace shells thrown 
it, wave wave, stuttered return, non-electronic running diodes 
wires machines taking note whatever shuddering shattering speak 
of, such unspeakable, incapable times speech thoughtful 
thinking, indeterminate, letting run streams flooding worlds, 
short-circuiting, burning, around, cliffs, waters, devices, 
muscles, skin, beneath tissues flesh, organs beneath, ruptures 
sutures, belongings castings, operations, inoperables, espionage 
within, careful unordained movements arms legs, mouths fingers, 
encodings decodings, murmurs machinic, soft machines, soft, 
inordinate, gatherings castings-aside, nothing comfortable when 
transitional turns you guqins = person, effect, nk zero 
century's old wood, momentary settling control ten square feet, 
hut literature japan, we're surrounded radiation everywhere, 
plants animals, fungi archaea, dying, oceans mountains, iceberg 
calving, consequence, hydrogen, instruments, easy destroy, burn 
bury, sound, whom, practice,, i'd say single destroy nations, 
caress restore, disappearance humans, millennial quietude, 
chance communality relationship, glimpse backtracked note, two 
qins talking many multitudes, * , banjo pipa tuning, japanese 
scale, improvisation half-steps major thirds characteristic 
melancholy rough day, sanshin garcia lorca else forget bushido 
zen buddha want kill anyone survive desire beautiful uncanny 
passing another hundred twenty eight years welcome inn formulaic 
condensation: western dramaturgy emphasizes affect effect: 
transformations, machinic virtuality. natyasastra, emphasize 
effect affect: split tendency psychological interminable 
indeterminate states: difference example types state states. 
...skipping... distinctions hold scrutiny; i'm fascinated 
working abject, underbelly live in, equally contemplating 
cosmology, particle physical, mathematics entanglement. 
interstitial, bounded hand limited potentials matter human 
vicissitudes, dwelling coordinated affect, no bandwidth. meshes, 
doesn't it? stutter/ shudder begin /: guzheng chinese zither, 
plucked right-hand side, tuned pegs bridges. left-hand side 
tune,' pressed left raise pitch right. support structure, 
cacophony potential existence depths, soul deeper scales perfect 
tuning. (i play back forth, fields piece.) also, think, field 
spirit, dark cat, ossi oswalda, who doing poorly now, us, 
seizures four days months ago, those numbers meaningless close 
hope best. threnody hope, listen, (she did, had choice!), 
thanks. zzzzz to.txt fungi, tn.txt follows exhausted emerges 
here, incessant rhythm stupidly falls dostoevsky's writer's 
diary grain voice, almost-black, seething world. first black, 
granular. primal scene, floor, bed, stairwell, river dock, great 
outdoor projection screen, hallway. achitecture shifts, 
architectron. visibility expulsions. visibility. ghosts lacks 
granularity; details abyss opens character pixel. surface extend 
gestural logics, mind filling details, projectivity involving 
release desire. dream-like quality cyberspace, melding, 
flexible, relative arcana. depth become identical, surface. (oh 
narcissus.) came me was trying desperately avoid insomnia, 
obviously impossibility. aesthetic truth seems clear fixed 
structures, structures reveal themselves turn. walking hiking 
move paths, trails, falls, strata, loams, deep ecologies, biomes 
microbiomes; moves similar fashion, number occasions path trail, 
or, better, listened can. playing guqin full name qin 
emphasizing depth), clouds chasms pools, inhabited. isn't 
harmony, melody, rhythm, continuum, among, trance movement 
clarity. listen section this, done ar sessions, hopefully 
bowtest short violin bow salt-and-pepper horsehair; standard 
white old; viola rababa; salt pepper bow; viola; composition 
labor musician, testing hair (salt-and-pepper) black rougher 
more byte; it's mixed smoother, calmer (less grit, less highs 
over-modulated). bowtest, switch bows worst playing, listening 
glitches; saltandpepper, bowhair takes advantage difference. 
kind behind-the-scenes everyone does, potentials. time. 
innovative master fifthfourthfifth kept changing chair position, 
ingmar bergman's uncut version fanny alexander there's 
remarkable innovation intervals based luxuriousness anton webern 
umm kulthum despair sinjar amazement mastery mines delicacy 
reglued bouts boxwood patinas gut wisdom positions music/sound 
anticipation dying friend, stabilized companion panic attacks 
depressions, yet, salvation up, getting ready performance 
recording, anticipation, gathers becomes, appears, very 
beginning then, more-so, comfort, enlightenment, advance death, 
decay, illness, in-spite-of, circulation culture culture's 
prohibitions transgression, somehow human, communality, glad 
in-spite-of companion, irretrievable loss, depression friend 
detriment m. e. ossie oswalda versions miasmatic, preparation 
next/ trmph versions. triomph abbreviation; ecstasy; two, three, 
variations; aristotle's coming-to-be passing-away, circulations, 
same same, enumerated same; miasmatic (azure carter) happens 
falters sex occur am lost miasma surfeit shapes connect dots 
curtailed writing practice withdrawal real sounded idiot cant 
youre heroin caffeine, serotonin cocaine, alcohol strychnine 
found outer space strange attractors hearts ghastly sadness 
dream drowning divided add: ahoconcise pali-english dictionary 
a.p. buddhadatta mahathera aho[ind.] exclamation surprise 
consternation. ahopts pali society's ahoindecl. [sk. ahofor 
etym. see aha ] surpriseastonishment consternationyeaindeedwell 
say! sure! vva.  aho ti acchariyatthena nipto j.i acchariya 
abbhuta . usually combd. emphatic particlese. g. vata dha.ii 
pva.  sdhu re d.ii pv.ii . cp. ahe. page ahopali-dictionary 
vipassana research institute ahooh! ah! .. know edge . draw, 
draw blood:: edge:: viol, violate, violation, violence, violin, 
viola, receptacle, chorus, chora: string, string along:: prepare 
flay, out, eliminate, cauterize:: through, skin:: play:: stage 
play, stage, viola:: gut, one's nerves, bow, stretch string:: 
tie knot, borromean, from:: corral, corral mobius, mobius 
function:: reduce variables, cauterize function, swallow, 
swallow again, violate:: violate violin:: out:: sorrow murmuring 
memory living memories object passing/passage/paysage notes, 
notations, language; physical others before me, and, 
stewardship, me. issues tending, setting-up, bringing bone, 
leather, bamboo, fullest, fullness slowness urgency setup 
neither nor there, disparate, separate, separated passed death 
gift, organic, organism, worlding, appearance caressing hands, 
mouths, arms, drawing inhabitant, habitus, closer breathing 
passing-on leaves well, home, inhabitant forever barred tragedy 
release, relinquishment, shall never hear, remain unheard, 
stewardship fading away, memory, prayer, supplication phrase: 
