==



Throes of Creation


http://www.alansondheim.org/throes3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/throes.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/throes2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/throes4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/throes5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/throes6.png


... 1942 How was I possible? When was I possible? How was I? If 
there were a ... 1943 I did not ask to be born. There was no 
atomic, no hydrogen bomb. ... 1947 I don't remember radio. I 
don't remember popular songs. I have vague ... 1948 Or 
thereabouts - remembering crying in the car with mother, worried 
... 1950 I was given a small film projector with a crank on the 
side; it was ... 1951 I remember Mrs. Greenbaum who lived across 
the street, and a ... 1952 I really don't have a date but wonder 
about my early love for Theresa ... 1953 For years my father 
made up stories with characters like the Snoxfly ... 1954 The 
Blue Coal trains went over a trestle near the house, described 
... 1955 perhaps. Something about John Kulp or Colp and a book 
or knife; I see ... 1956-60 I cried myself to sleep, etc. I had 
a small box on the bed table; ... 1958 I had a picture of the 
Bikini hydrogen bomb explosion by the head of ... 1959 Somewhere 
around this time found Birth magazine, Tuli Kupferberg, ... 1960 
I just about flunked my first semester at Brown, collapsing 
until I ... 1961 I almost flunked out of school. My life was a 
disaster. The dean ... 1962 I watched the side of the factory 
open up in the middle of the night ... 1964 Terri Wellman and I 
were driving near the river somewhere in ... 1965 Was I working 
through blues? Did I meet Son House? Was this the first ... 1966 
Went to Europe for the summer; met Joel Zabor who became the 
drummer ... 1967 It's around now I'm in Europe. I met you (I 
forget your name) - knew ... 1968 I had An,ode published by the 
Waldrops' Burning Deck Press in ... 1969 Vito and I in our 
dismally-cathected relationship, talked about ... 1970 Perhaps I 
filmed Chris and Don around this period? I forget their ... 1972 
or 73, invited James Lee Byars, who I met through John Brockman, 
to ... 1973 At the Paris Biennale I put up "The World's Smallest 
Sculpture" ... 1974 Logic of consciousness worked out, The Book 
as System of Military ... 1975 My friend Sue in the West Village 
had a refrigerator with a huge jar ... 1976-1977 I work on the 
Structure of Reality, a text composed of the ... 1977 Around 
this date I thought that if aliens came from another world, ... 
1978-1979 I taught for a year at the University of California, 
Irvine; I ... 1980 The year where my writing began to coalesce; 
I was 37 already. Lived ... 1982 I left for three and a half 
years - to teach in Tasmania - lasted ... 1983-85 After teaching 
for a semester at Ontario College of Art, with ... 1984 At 
Nexus, we began the Atlanta Biennale; the first exhibition cost 
... 1985-6 Later Paul Celan's poetry would take off from where 
Theresa began; ... 1986 I first met Denise at a punk/industrial 
music night; her musicians ... 1988 I took up the Artistic 
Directorship of Hallwalls Contemporary ... 1989 or so - we're 
driving across country and have a bad fight. I get out ... 1990 
This is when we moved to New York, 432 Dean Street in Brooklyn, 
a ... 1991 Or so, found out the ESP records had been reissued as 
CDs by ZYX ... 1993 My fiftieth birthday; my parents sent some 
money and made a fuss - I ... 1994 Began Cybermind and 
Fiction-of-Philosophy email lists with Michael ... 1995 I closed 
down Fiction-of-Philosophy email list after attacks by John ... 
1996 thought of a program as a way to begin to create an 
autobiography, ... 1997 Back in Sydney again for a second round, 
dealing with a wider range ... 1997 Stromatolites, 
cyanobacteria, tendrils. ... 1998 November 2-15, tour of 
Southern California then in Dec., MLA Conf., ... 1999 Azure 
comes out to live with me. I meet her at the airport at 5 in ... 
2000 I knew Alexander 'Sasha' Chislenko - he had been a member 
of the ... 2002 During the second semester, as a result, I had a 
panic attack and wet ... 2003 Perhaps? Developed a 'lime-like' 
disease complete with corolla (?) on ... 2004 I begin to 
recognize how much tinnitus is taking out of me. It's ... 2005 
have a headache from Gary's hammering today! Our building 
continues ... 2006 For the first time I wonder about my sanity. 
I can't take the ... 2007 almost: This memo, memorial, memory, 
memory-graph, meme, remembrance, ... 2008 it is May 16 and I am 
waiting to hear from the doctor concerning ... 2009 Foofwa, Vea 
Lucca, and I, recorded the Evam sessions. ... 2011 Archives: my 
grandmother's 'souvenir' book, my grandfather's Masonic ... 2012 
Eyebeam residency drawing to an end; I've fit in uncomfortable 
but ... 2012 Just for the record, my insomnia continues to rage, 
and 'twitches' in ... 2013 Disturbing dreams, back to highschool 
and college, my parents alive, ... 2014 Our new cd with Azure's 
songs and my playing, backed by Ed Schneider ... 2015 I do a 
piece, just the words 'year zero' and an image to bring ... 2016 
We plan trips all the time, now thinking about criss-crossing 
the country, never coming back.


( the movement of history among ghosts

http://www.alansondheim.org/helpingus.jpg

all this night, march 8, 2016, the ghost of Ossi Oswald the cat
walks back and forth before us, and out of the corner of our
eye, she is helping and guarding us, i am preparing the history
of my work for the past twenty years in the form of, the form of
an archive, and a condensed archive, and a skittering among
directories and repetitions )



pleaseplease for the violin

http://www.alansondheim.org/pleaseplease2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/pleaseplease.mp3 (violin)

: am At this point I want to keep the organ. I received a : am I 
don't want the organ back. Use it for repairs. I'm : am Please 
cancel any payment - the $ might have , , I want to cancel the 
repair. You're coming at the I'm sorry too. I've liked bodies 
before. It's not important to me at this point. I want No, I 
don't want to do anything. Do you Nothing at all and thanks, and 
apologies. I'm not Of course you have permission; I'm keeping a 
They don't have to address it. I just want Alan. Allow me to 
have an immediate request be made in this regard And I 
understand that you would like for the service to be Are you 
there? But now I want nothing to do with the company. Not ever 
again. For verification purposes, may I have your return 
shipping . has closed the chat. .Alan, this is extremely 
disappointing. I can't even .As requested I will ensure to have 
the request be made .I understand, and that's perfectly 
understandable in .I understand. If you would like, I can also 
provide a .If I were in your position Alan, I myself would be 
.Okay, my apologies. The case number created for .Thank you so 
much for that verification, Alan. .You are an important customer 
to us and we appreciate Have a good day. Hello , thank you for 
contacting support. I have to go and get some sleep; I stayed up 
trying to deal with I will be more than happy to assist you 
today, Alan. I won't use Again! I'M THROUGH WITH ! Just for the 
record, this isn't the first time I've had Please give me a few 
moments to review your information. I will Seriously, have a 
good night, or day, I'm not sure where you Start the chat again 
Thank you again for choosing . Have a great day! They sent it 
back with the hard drive erased and didn't fix the We then, just 
now, received a bill for $, double what we were Yes, I am here 
with you Alan. You should know I'm going to write about this; 
I'm a body address please? address this related matter for you 
immediately Alan. and it's been errors since then. and nothing 
happened. Please just cancel. and nothing has happened. Just 
consider me a lost customer. are certainly not chats we receive, 
or at least not that I are. But I have to sleep. Apologies that 
you have to deal with be with you shortly. begin to fathom the 
frustration you have been going through cancelled, right? 
cancelling this and cancelling a new I ordered - I can't 
consultant and this is the worst treatment I've ever received 
customers. I receive cut-and-paste responses to all my inquiries 
deal with the company any longer. directly Alan. end of a LONG 
group of emails that went back and forth; at one entire process, 
I could not fault you Alan. I can honestly do everything 
cancelled. We don't want the organ back. If you have for the RMA 
service to be cancelled Alan. At the same time, from any flesh 
company. We originally sent out the organ June rd frustrating, 
and I'm sorry you have to go through this. These going to take 
the case number. I don't want to contact them. gone through, I 
don't know. And we're certainly not paying the here. I'm really 
sorry about this. important to as it is to you. information. 
light of your bad experience Alan. This all definitely sounds 
link where you can also express your bad experience to Corporate 
me again, and that the repair is cancelled. new amount. nothing 
to do with any more. past upset and in fact disappointed and 
felt cheated in this personally have received, and will 
seriously have to pleased. point the organ was returned by 
mistake etc. etc. problem at all. So I've been using a somewhat 
damaged tissue ever randomly. I sent it back when it was under 
warranty, stating it record myself. And I don't really think 
cares about its repair cost of $ USD and we were told to pay it, 
along with returning the organ. We did so and gave you guys our 
credit card say based on my experience however Alan, that I 
essentially want since. That was a different RMA, USX. the case 
history, you'll see the problems - four times I was this problem 
for the past hour and a half. this. Please make as sure as you 
can that does not contact to let us know how we are doing. told 
the case was "escalated" and sent to an "escalation team" told 
to already pay. In other words we were lied to. transcript be 
reviewed by higher management due to this troubles. The tissue 
came damage - rot in fact - it suppurated understand? I want to 
GET TO SLEEP! unsatisfactory service Alan? Because I know will 
not be upset. In fact if you were to say right now that you are 
way this was damaged flesh and please don't dissolve the genome. 
would I be able to obtain your permission to have this chat you 
for future reference is #:. Is there anything further you to 
know that getting to the bottom of this is just as you would 
like me to assist you with today? your business. Please take a 
moment to complete a short survey
