



suona

http://www.alansondheim.org/umb2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/suona.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/umb1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/umb3.jpg

suona solo and visual interpretations based on absolutely 
nothing at all, not even impressions or the presumed musicality 
of any image whatsoever. let's refuse synesthesias of all sorts 
and receive listening and looking, let's not watch but be there, 
let's not listen but open our ears to merriment!



@evensong and the Internet Text first and last steps

http://www.alansondheim.org/ch0.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/evensong.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/ch1.jpg

electric guitar - gearing up for performance work 

http://www.alansondheim.org/1994Internet.txt

my early theorizing around cyberspace; I still think it's 
valuable. please check it out if you have the time.-



The Inconceivable Closeness of Annihilation

http://www.alansondheim.org/neutr.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/barrington6.jpg

This is the closeness of your other
 
Mon Apr 11 12:48:07 EDT 2016

useless flailing. my basic rule: that there are infinities of 
space and time and universe utterly cut off from us, where 
speculation is the only myth, a free-for-all of the imagination, 
a lie. that's where dead narratives go: to tell a story is to 
lie, to do nothing, another lie, to tell a lie, another story.

a moment or a movement of writing under or within the chaos of 
effacement, for something surely has created these words? in 
this order? whose order has already disappeared? in the future? 
in a previous time? among times? temporalities? don't escape; 
there's nothing to escape to; nothing has occurred.
Mon Apr 11 13:09:25 EDT 2016

what follows or precedes, is no condition, no conditional, no 
one, no many, no commons, has written these, written among 
these. there are no remnants found, no punctum, no embodying, 
embedding. annihilation: to the limit - is limitless, 
annihilation pervasive, creation yet another story.
Mon Apr 11 13:11:28 EDT 2016
 
This is the distance of your new Clar 
 
Mon Apr 11 12:48:07 EDT 2016

anonymity is the fundamental flux of existence. into the future, 
one writes, now, under conditions of erasure. this is the 
chiasmus of presencing within codification and raster.
 
annihilation: to the limit! has always already occurred; we just 
weren't aware of it.
Mon Apr 11 12:50:20 EDT 2016

abandonment is the condition of life. species and planets are 
abandoned, territories are always under contestation, formed on 
the remnants of organic debris. to be abandoned means there was 
once 'comfort and a home' - another misrecognition by dead eyes, 
misrecognition _in fact_ by the dead. think of abandonment 
without an origin, without that imaginary - then you, 
temporarily and again under erasure, have it.
Mon Apr 11 12:52:32 EDT 2016

nothing one writes is now; there is no 'one' writing, no 
communal writing, only temporary coagulations, cicatrix 
remnants. despair is an illusion, hope as well. there are no 
new/s and old/s, no newer and older, no progress, only 
progression. the sign itself is that of annihilation - of the 
sign, of referent, of coding and decoding, of digitalanalogic 
and analogicdigital. with matter, it doesn't matter. what 
appears to matter is the evanescence of strange attractors.
Mon Apr 11 12:55:30 EDT 2016

writing _here_ is non-writing, to write oneself into existence 
is the simultaneity of writing oneself out of existence, not 
writing at all. anomie is a true state and the truth of the 
state. again, it is fundamental to abandon abandonment - and, 
for that _matter,_ the subjunctive itself.
Mon Apr 11 12:57:00 EDT 2016

to breath in and through this is to do oneself the favor of 
emptiness, no enlightenment along the way, no way. the 
insipidity of being conscious is the tawdry revelation that it's 
of no account; the universe is unaccountable; and mathematico- 
scientific forays into comprehension only, within expansive 
economics, push the barriers back towards unascertainable and 
unforgivable limits.
Mon Apr 11 13:00:05 EDT 2016

one breathes; one has to breathe; to stop breathing is to stop. 
one might as well continue as to stop. everyone knows the 
indifferent is the character of our time, projected and 
introjected into and from the past and future. move the words 
around as you may; nothing is being said here. it's as if there 
were nothing _sayable_ in fact.
Mon Apr 11 13:01:40 EDT 2016

debris is never beyond debris, never within debris; the 
character of debris is its infinitude. never a remnant of (which 
implies abandonment), always a part-object as if it were 
yearning for totality, another story.
Mon Apr 11 13:05:10 EDT 2016

the only return is that of eternity. a new rule: nothing has 
anything to do with us. 
Mon Apr 11 13:07:49 EDT 2016

and another story following suit, another silenced, an other 
silenced, an other silence, an other, exactly the same.
Mon Apr 11 13:12:30 EDT 2016

Mon Apr 11 13:12:31 EDT 2016




performance, pretested for your listening pleasure

http://www.alansondheim.org/amherstfungi083.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/tested.mp3
clarinet, violin, revrev
http://www.alansondheim.org/tested2.mp3
clarinet revrev

terrible days configuring linux audio hell

http://www.alansondheim.org/sigl.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/sigl.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/sigll.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/lnx.mp3

running between alsa and jack cutting each other out
in the meantime supercollider moderates and sometimes
i can't hear the results. the alienware got bricked
way beforehand. misery. audio randomly disappears and
linuxmint audio configuration guis are also miserable.
supercollider works with jack. jack kills alsa. alsa
sneaks back through jack. jack dies and on reboot 
there's alsa again. up pops jack and alsa's dead as a
doornail, an expression i don't understand. too much
configuration to make it through the night performing
with linux mint. windows works or doesn't but win10
tanked the alienware. i just realized bricked and
tanked somehow play together. it's 4:20 and last night
i was trying unsuccessfully to straighten the mess out.
a week from now i'm performing. i'll use violin and 
hope for the best. there's nothing like a good violin.

anyway the result is a few brief pieces that pass for
signals because that's what they are, spewing noise 
that says something to me.



miniature ghichak

http://www.alansondheim.org/ghichak0.jpg ghichak
http://www.alansondheim.org/ghichak2.mp3 bowing
http://www.alansondheim.org/ghichak3.mp3 plucking

a miniature ghichak similar to the larger one we gave to the 
National Music Museum, but less ornamented. it's very difficult 
to play, given the setup. here are two pieces which sound 
strange (and, i think, wonderful). they're extremely high- 
pitched. bowing is traditional; i like the intensity, harmonics, 
and fascinating timbres in the second part of the piece. the 
strings aren't pressed to the neck, but touched above or on the 
side. the plucking piece is a bit traditional, although not for 
the ghichak; again, the strings aren't pressed down. thanks 
greatly to Mitchell Clark for the ghichak; these instruments 
are rare. i think it's from Balochistan; the decoration seems 
from that area, but i could very well be wrong.




Verizon Strike

http://www.alansondheim.org/verizon.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/verizon.mp4

From CNN Money -

36,000 Verizon workers have walked off the job Wednesday after 
failing to reach a new labor agreement.

This is the largest strike in the United States since Verizon 
workers last walked off the job in 2011, according to the U.S. 
Bureau of Labor Statistics. That strike involved 45,000 workers.

Most of the striking workers service the company's landline 
phone business and FiOS broadband network -- not the much larger 
Verizon Wireless network. They have gone without a contract 
since August, and their union, the Communication Workers of 
America, says it is fighting to get Verizon to come to the table 
with a better offer.

The union's list of complaints is a long one: Verizon has 
outsourced 5,000 jobs to workers in Mexico, the Philippines and 
the Dominican Republic. Verizon is hiring more low-wage, 
non-union contractors, the union says.

"The main thing is that's it's taking good-paying jobs and 
taking them away from the American public," said Ken Beckett, a 
technical telecommunications associate for Verizon and union 
board member with 1101 CWA, as he picketed with colleagues 
outside a Verizon office in Manhattan.
verizon protests 041316
Union members picketed outside Verizon's central office for 
midtown Manhattan. Their chief complaint? Outsourcing 5,000 jobs 
to Mexico, the Philippines and the Dominican Republic.

The union also claims Verizon won't negotiate with people who 
work in Verizon stores and is closing call centers. And Verizon 
is asking workers to work out of state, away from their homes, 
for months at a time.

Meanwhile, the union says Verizon is cutting costs as its 
profits have soared.

"Verizon's corporate greed isn't just harming workers' families, 
it's hurting customers as well," the CWA said in a statement.

It's true that Verizon continues to post record profit, but most 
of that is coming from its wireless business. The "wireline" 
business that most CWA workers serve is in decline.

Wireline sales have been steadily falling over the past several 
years. Last year sales fell by nearly 2%, and Verizon lost 1.4 
million voice customers.

To help make up for the losses, Verizon continues to offload 
some of its wireline assets, and it has been offshoring some of 
its workers overseas. The company says it saved $300 million in 
employee costs in 2015.

Still, Verizon managed to post an $8.9 billion operating profit 
in its wireline business last year. That was down slightly from 
2014, but not by much. 

