=

*/sick sick sick of corporate greed/rhetoric/profit and the 
implicit violence; meanwhile the quality of life is going down 
for so many people. video from our window./*





unsettled, sunken, shifting debris writing

http://www.alansondheim.org/unsettled.jpg

Parking lot next to 'our' building in Providence; it's slowly 
sinking (much of Providence in this area as built on wetlands). 
We'll shift! We'll sink soon!

then: the high arctic is still unsettled - while the former is a 
north-south meandering boarder used the preposition 'across,' as 
if there were an unsettled landscape in wandering, confusions,
fickle, wavering, vague. crash of an airliner cut off the room's 
angry unsettled replies. going back, flickering, my hands and 
wrists trembling as the wings fell around me, then

one was there to protect the settlers

one was there to protect the settlers

impossible to write these days unsettling gloom, 
clouds overhead, the vicinity, a countryside with scoria 
and rills. she found it impossible to write these days, 
unsettling gloom, clouds overhead, spaces where i don't 
belong. the bird, the unsettling effect of the act 
renders the transfiguration all the more marvelous


my strangest music of all my strangest music

http://www.alansondheim.org/streetmess18.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ghichaaaak.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/ghichaaak.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/ghichaak.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/streetmess04.jpg

this is clearly my strangest music, anything's
possible 

aaaa is straightforward; 
aaa and aa are modified with revrev
images from when the tornado came through
our neighborhood in brooklyn

ghichak's remarkable 

math

http://www.alansondheim.org/math3.png licking math
http://www.alansondheim.org/math2.png smelling math
http://www.alansondheim.org/math1.png sucking math
http://www.alansondheim.org/math4.png fucking math

the apple arse blossoms into petals of numbers.  math is 
possibility. at inscription: she is doing her toilet...she 
breaks down and math is a math is a k true pumps sucking water 
the math of katrina pm life like line live long look lord lost 
made mail make many mark math mean

inscription: she is doing her toilet...she breaks down and math 
is a math is a:" people in the math of katrina topstories k true 
pumps sucking water the math of katrina pm life like line live 
long look lord lost made mail make many mark math mean sitnah 
ahuzzath friends army touched betimes shebah judith beeri 
bashemath s math and buttgereit likely. [consider screen images 
of representatons of intermath processes comes through if you do 
the math or even if you don't. geometries; the math has been an 
inspiration to me. i am including some topics, intro calc, sat 
math. wandp issue the throes of addiction ... my dad was a math 
idiot, but at inscription: she is doing her toilet...she breaks 
down and math is a math is a:" laughed out of the room by any 
first year math student. anything, laughed math student. 
persevere perversely, wait comments and suggestions on math and 
education i gather that <>... olchansk omnimath operator 
opnspace oppedahl oppenhei ostgardr outsider it's the math i 
work on not finesse i don't know finesse mation manager? do you 
have a math coprocessor? is your monitor a $500000 event 
incident math according lowest estimate more $500 love this 
stuff - the hinge of 19-20-21-century philosophy of math and

		      stretcheth watmath damned
		      allon spake basmath craft

sitnah ahuzzath friends army touched betimes shebah judith beeri 
bashemath plant other seeds. math bharam bhoolahu bhoolahu || do 
not wander lost in game, the bonus game--charged!, refs and 
resources, a math tutorial, and people in the math of katrina 
topstories k true pumps sucking water the math of katrina pm 
know enough math or physics. doesn't follow through with 
anything. not life like line live long look lord lost made mail 
make many mark math mean left in the math and with subtle woman 
that a all men cocked up stood with where they don't hold; too 
often theorists don't do their math homework. math moires your 
klamath falls ecoterrorism at its worst part of congressional 
were the hapticmath program was written at wvu for a phantom2 
haptic stylus; this says nothing mathematically (and is poor 
math at that); however, logics, set theories, ptolemy and 
kepler: reductions because math can do heuristics kepler 
reuctions math uctions o

kepler: reuctions because math can uctions because math can 
uctions because math can o math do that. logics, set theories, 
ptolemy and kepler: reductions because math can do heuristics 
kepler reuctions math uctions o says mathematically poor math 
that) however coherent and agreeable structures in depth. david 
finkelstein: pure math pseudo-math as if mathesis justifies 
anything you have to say. i don't kind of true, my dad was a 
math idiot, but now he is, my mother's got all season to plant 
other seeds. math bharam bhoolahu bhoolahu || do not it is not 
the season to plant other seeds. math bharam bhoolahu bhoolahu 
|| do not wander lost in doubt and delusion it season seeds. 
math bharam bhoolahu do wander lost doubt delusion scream math 
bharam bhoolahu do wander lost doubt delusion scream read mocap 
season to plant other seeds. math bharam bhoolahu bhoolahu || do 
not || it is not the season to plant other seeds. math bharam 
bhoolahu bhoolahu || do not wander lost in doubt and delusion it 
season seeds. math bharam bhoolahu do wander lost doubt delusion 
scream math bharam bhoolahu do wander lost doubt delusion scream 
read mocap season to plant other seeds. math bharam bhoolahu 
bhoolahu || do not what do you mean by a "true desire"? if we 
bring math , your physics are way, every word in in, bring in 
infinitesimals and math works incredibly. experience mediated 
what do mean by "true desire"? bring math beyond me. kepler 
reuctions math uctions o caught loost, roored against what? o 
kaze plant other seeds. math bharam bhoolahu bhoolahu || do not 
wander lost in season to plant other seeds. math bharam bhoolahu 
bhoolahu || do not it season seeds. math bharam bhoolahu do 
wander lost doubt delusion scream math bharam bhoolahu do wander 
lost doubt delusion scream read mocap s math and buttgereit 
coherent and agreeable structures in depth. david finkelstein: 
pure math manager? math coprocessor? monitor cga ega vga svga? 
docking module laughed out of the room by any first year math 
student. anything, laughed math student. persevere perversely, 
wait mation manager? do you have a math coprocessor? is your 
monitor a Thing?
