
assessment of a failed career

( for Azure who is all goodness and keeps me going )

http://www.alansondheim.org/gltcha.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/gltchb.png

i can't forgive myself for failure after failure.
my work is too complicated and abject for a coherent series.
i'm incapable of creating a solid and unique style.
my only coherency is incoherency.
i'm jealous of my friends who are showing internationally
on a regular basis.
i'm jealous of my friends who are employed and often working
with amazing students. 
i'm attracted to death and i'm frightened by death.
i, i, i, i, i,
i, i, i, i, i,
i keep pushing my personal boundaries and keep thinking 
i'm making a real contribution to thought itself.
i'm too filled with grandeur and despair.
i've never been able to have a consistent and productive life.
i've failed myself and failed others.
i have no idea how to behave and have to constantly think
of what i'm doing.
i'm far too frightened of the world far too pessimistic.
i want artistic and institutional success for more than 
i'm capable of achieving. 
i'm, i'm, i'm, i'm i'm,
i'm, i'm, i'm, i'm i'm,
i'm far too overwhelmed by fear, anxiety, and depression.
i'm like a child who can't get its way and use the work 
i do as a bad excuse. 
i'm afraid of everyone else and thirst for approval.
i give talks that are too long and too scattered.
i can't sleep properly and worry about being irrelevant.
i'm frightened of ageism and have no defenses against it.
i don't want to continue if i start to develop dementia.
i'm far too career-driven given the failure of my career.
i think everyone else is doing better than me.
i'm far too self-absorbed and too spoiled.
i'm far too ambitious and believe in the magical power 
of words.

(chant)
i, i, i, i, i,
i, i, i, i, i,
i, i, i, i, i,
i, i, i, i, i,



+// promise not more of this :-) //*





The Golden Hours


http://www.alansondheim.org/goldenhour1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/goldenhour.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/goldenhour2.png

The Golden Ours, when Cares just drop away
For we shall live among Our Golden Days
The Hours, Golden, when Nights are soft and warm
For we shall live, within, without a Drop of Harm

The Golden Bears, who roar among the Nights
And call the Lovelorn among the Northern Lights
Then Bearing Gold, returning soon with Stealth
To bring us all the Baskets brimmed with Wealth

The Golden Bared, so quick, yet so un-lewd
So many Tresses almost might seem rude
And Bared Doubloons so brilliant like the Sun
To give the Great Doubloons to Each and Everyone

So shall We swim among the Golden Gates
And dance with Sharks and Rays 
  And even charming Skates


dict\strut:

rank golden season great golden spiders glittering about me - 
then he should go to the river ganges silently carrying pure 
golden, who they are and what they really do behind the golden 
doors of their newly sprung in june o my goldenessays poetry 
free essays free research (burned out hut) take bnikuko/b. are 
pure and golden:webr are golden:we (dark) fighting, a woman 
playing in most mournful manner, golden birds, (though they'd 
come back for the golden pear) beautiful views . . views golden 
. . golden horn. . . horn. . . between the the threads, a golden 
twine connects come with me, we are pure and golden, julu and 
julu! does we are pure turn julu, we are pure and golden, to 
you? i have been ceded the golden transmission, it is more to 
this or any other golden garland of lilies we have around its 
leaves of golden signs enclose the world. lost in these dark 
woods, i came across a golden light. it seemed to say, my 
mineral, take golden mineral shattering, speech appears, the 
sign of fire, threads its golden the golden-haired maiden, with 
three drops of blood, christianed the world is encircled by its 
leaves of golden signs. theresa worked went asylum. this, dates, 
blanked memories. golden hair. we are golden your horse, your 
cow, yourself, against my golden hair, my eyes of blue your 
last_suck destroys my we are golden! your noose we are golden is 
outside_of my decay _god has told me to write this with her 
marvelous golden tresses, a beautiful golden shovel with ebony 
handle, made from the bones <cr> a contestation of the golden 
apples of the brilliant an expand- golden filled sounds 
everywhere around likeignore and sometimes it hangs from a thin 
golden chain from the center of a and to shoot as many images as 
possible. you'll find that one golden one are pure:we are 
golden: does we are pure turn bjulu/b, we are b could i are 
separated by blanked golden kinds melting later appeared blanked 
golden kind melting later appeared different names writing might 
bottom of the page. when i go to sleep i dream of golden-letter 
commands, expanding golden man with ...spine...s, splines seven 
and eight fighting, a woman playing a ch'in in a most mournful 
manner, golden birds, from one to the other, the golden droplets 
swarming among them, the seven genial, golden, golden-tongued, 
golden-voiced, good, goodly, globe shall fill the sky, with 
golden rays, and universal peace shall godspeak.s going.p 
goldenhours.p gone.v grackles.v grafton.p granular.v golden 
filled sounds everywhere around likeignore space spaces 
altogether golden garland of lilies we have around each others 
fair and youthful golden lines.the decorations on the top and 
sides are stylized fans. the golden ring dividing me from myself 
golden-tongued, golden-voiced, good, goodly, ges cauterizing 
golden. i'd love to be money. i don't want to be rich: i want to 
be honey heaven. heaven.  'golden girl', rubio. is influenced 
decision? held wit journey prosperous golden earring half shekel 
weight bracelets her tears. how could the world be so cruel? her 
golden hair, her history or narrative. but it soaks umwelts with 
golden showers, every it comes to me in the night. it's in the 
form of glowing cacti, golden kicking up quite with a golden 
yellow image of nation nude prozac what the line; draw a 
slanting line; a river; myriads of golden rays; two taken golden 
coke coke coldshoulders! unixsuck hairball nighttime wakening, 
fingers in me, golden metal nuzzling teeth now there is this 
image: the expanding golden man with spines. oh those thoughts 
of golden days pride and thoughtlessness of my youth, and see 
golden garland of scheme golden ratio successful secret pictures 
of forbidden acts and if this were his offering and golden 
swallowed tip of finger, golden ring in teeth tell me my best 
days are behind me. don't tell me i'm in my golden years. the 
midst of golden orb and shield spiders. later, poison ivy wound 
its their gave older man outlasts trance, fully golden 
illuminations thin golden trails of atomic wastelands where once 
information about thing, sound like golden voice. how to make 
skin show through very thin tongue-in-cheek: indication, 
furrowed desiccated genial, golden, torn fragments time: golden 
kind melting later appeared trance, rising fully above my golden 
body, illuminations sparkling we are pure and golden:we are 
golden:we are pure:: where my son has almost gone, i'd find the 
one with the golden palm back which the golden ears are 
threshed. and if a little bran becomes mingled while we are 
bound by golden twine, worked went asylum. this, dates, blanked 
memories. golden hair, world and source of golden light. and i 
did know i would not live to tell you would only listen, i would 
tell you how, on the morrow, a great golden your golden voice, 
the pause in the middle of a word, eyes wide open your love 
follows your long golden hair and your eyes of deepest blue your 
ring, my ring, golden-mouth ring, you harboring youth everything 
- bathed in a golden light - nearly bare-ly ascending staircase



village

http://www.alansondheim.org/BUDDHA.GIF
http://www.alansondheim.org/village.mp3

incessant village dance without break 
the dancers all fall down
no one comes to help them everyone is dancing
dancing and dancing and everyone falling down
the dancers fall down and no one helps them
dancing and dancing the incessant village dance
the incessant village dance is the village dance
the incessant village is the village
the village is the village they say
they all fall down



Wall. Great Wall. Event Horizon. Symbolic. Fold Catastrophe. 
Edge.

