==



(________)

http://www.alansondheim.org/mussels2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/plateaus.mp4

formation plateaus in inordinately biomes; the plateau is a 
hollow where the body catches. our local inversion of a 
caveworld, transformed into private plateau, the grounds that a 
certain non-equilibium plateau had been reached; too 
dis-assembled, into a hundred, thousand, million - not plateaus, 
not male, though a knave rather than a true tongue groove 
surface plateau, o equilibrium, and a new and temporary plateau 
is reached. my materials occur in a series of steps or plateaus, 
beta-versions of software are flooding out across the semantic 
plateaus of participants' time as well, "other words across 
these dissolving plateaus." what i am; the plateau of my shin 
songs to you. what is cneased (embedded) ox-bow rivers and 
lakes, or plateaus with mud-crack patternings, or its root and 
plateau, of its roof and plate or of its inverted are 
_plateaus,_ and threads guide them in the sense of formal 
structure. of 'plateau,' and won't change for the next few days. 
hidden between anus and penis, across the plateau of the lips or 
the plateau accompanying any sickness. ah'ulab! for those who 
feel as i do, to our approach, to us, to them, to you, just 
across any plateau motion blurs are everywhere, except for the 
central plateaus arms among arms, surrounding breasts, plateaus 
turned, curled inward, of them available on more or less the 
same plateau. all of them, they did invert, needle balanced on a 
red plateau. i've gone down into them, my the self-same 
bandwidth, even plateau, of misplaced temporality. but then, of 
a caveworld, transformed into private plateau. again the physics 
are turbulent plateaus created by upwelling liquid swells are 
instructions, definitions within well-defined plateaus.) 
kilometer, provocation deter floated meters porthole suns. 
landed plateau, plateaus has disappeared, witnesses no longer 
call witnesses, non-inscriptive ground, divided by a series of 
horizontal lines / plateaus mathesis is extruded from the 
plateau of different distinctions cool, flesh, flesh plateau, 
plate or inverted world:they me by corrosions burnished flesh 
theres a mystery of it the plateau, i have gained to ascend the 
plateau which surrounded him, invisible. plateau! can hardly 
breathe - ~ weathers, plateaus, height planar perhaps armature 
commencement avatartist work in holodecks, plateaus, gates among 
worlds in the true situated plateau in the midst of others, that 
there are always already the _holes_ in the thing, became 
plateaus of past practices, maybe even smear blending into the 
subtle plateau shadowed by fluttered each instrument is of the 
plateau of depression, sinking into a this plateau is on a new 
plateau. what does it mean when an inviolable emotional plateau 
appears, there is lamina at work, plateaus, layerings. 
ontologies and these are levels, plateaus, inscribing and 
superinscribing. that there is the zither material. for me, 
plateau1a these are the most mesmerizing of fetish, guiding my 
fingers up and down the uncomfortable plateaus has its notes its 
plateaus gasp heard; nothing more than another, plateau this 
what's o "nipples" o "across" o "the" o "solar" o "plateau" o 
"of" o "the" o plateau, what occurs beyond it, the phenomenology 
of the sixteen the region of application, folds or furrows, 
plains or plateaus of flesh. the tongue, of its root and 
plateau, of its roof and plate or of plateau, out of reach. 
travis descended on foot. the beak of stability - the plateau in 
other words where life and limb the establishing of temporary 
plateaus with fuzzy boundaries and signifiers, now of the 
plateau itself - the plateau signs itself, languor, the tendency 
of the plateau towards another error or another extension, we 
exist on a plateau of imminence tinuous deferment, one error 
leading to novelty, the plateau of novelty, not always operates 
as a plateau-topography within a non- upon us partition here. 
witness piled plateaus conventional allowing when the plateau of 
flesh meets the fire of mathematics change, the plateau won't. 
the "market" will be volatile for years to void, hole, plateau, 
opening, striation, mapping, grid, node, vector, piled on 
plateaus - the conventional allowing of breathing and daemon - 
series of plateaus and transformations. the latter fits neatly 
into a phenomenology of plateaus of bodies apart and together 
objects, weathers, plateaus, height from a planar origin - 
perhaps only self into plateaus, mountains, suburbs. ghosts, 
virga, portending their** situated plateau midst we drive 
pressure, rearranging limbs, plateaus at will down or rather the 
plateau is shallower; that makes virtual worlds all the 
intervention, plateau reached; concentrated few, militarism 
espionage chistic sex, reception-model of the big world out. 
it's plateaus and plateau, continually refreshed. different 
distinctions reside on the plateau of mathesis it's clear, says 
n., everything else is a momentary pause or plateau, when the 
skin of the plateau is your own skin or your own skin for 
example, software upgrading represents continuous change and 
plateau tongue groove surface plateau, o broke english, o double 
moan noun of exposed drained system, leaving plateaus folds 
wake. illuminated plain nothing more than a transition between 
one real and another, a plateau plateau, but the net itself is 
an inconceivable multiplicity, always tions in the second life 
show, only corners, plateaus, and circulations think of the body 
as a potential well or plateau except for the central plateaus, 
organs coupling, invaginations we mistake the plateau for 
immanence smeared upon the supine body of smear blending into 
the subtle plateau or that the theory begins to spread across 
the plateau of a cut tree, flesh of the tongue, of its root and 
plateau, of its roof and struction all the way up and down, as 
well as across plateaus? are we in as if there were sources - 
which turbulent plateaus created by and it's these that are 
perceived as _objects_ or operational plateaus, reeling plateau 
thrusting yourtripnton rack sexu thrustingfuturetripavens 
plateaus according to rhythm to reproduce until a plateau of 
stability is realized, but for what end;  always already virga, 
portending their** situated plateau in the plateaus, potential 
wells, the obdurate. even under erasure, the obdurate ure on 
what then appear to be various plateaus. the installation, which 
is at a kind of 'plateau,' and won't change for plateaus 
disappeared, witnesses longer call witnesses, argue plateau 
shallower worker gives game safe insomniac hold divided parcels 
(keeping me alive) (against


Bad Chat

Sandy and I to perform in SL with latest SL browser wouldn't 
window properly until I set avatarview and minimal and then 
opened up but that won't do so for this particular occasion 
worked on a video indicating the misery of the occurrence not 
to mention that other problem of recording the revrev running 
in the background replacing the voice chat by signing into the 
voicechat drowning out pretty much anything else including the
origin of the cough:

http://www.alansondheim.org/badchat1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/badchat.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/badchat2.png

Now in Rochester my hands are full of ashes and my eyes
witness the downfall of each and every virtual world.

M. Alan Dojoji you'll really have had enough of me.



caiosolos

the instrument plays one tune or its background chording
repeatedly; here's my riding the two-backed beast of the
keyboard. a shell emanates and leaves us forever and 
often there's more to the unstated melody than there is
to the unmelodic state.

we're tired in rochester, close to performing tomorrow 
night at the bug jar. everything is jaunty! come along
to 219 monroe avenue at 6! three wonderful performances! *

http://www.alansondheim.org/roches25.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/caio0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/caio1.mp3

* and i may play violin which counts as a fourth 
(if i do it because i may do some other stuff also)

* we're really tired


revrev falls

http://www.alansondheim.org/roches51.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/revfal.mp4

if there were only a subjunctive for every mechanism to reverse 
spacetime so that this were not a markup but a real obdurate; as 
it is, there's something of paste about it, presymbolic in spite 
of the simplistic t -> -t -> t. so the roundrobin has a scent of 
the uncanny, maybe peripheral, undefinable, as if this ends now. 
i'm uncomfortable with this, as i am with certain purees that 
seen to reverse the very concept of taste. the idiocy of 
reversal rides me, won't let go of me, such an vapid trick 
smelling of lassitude, languor, dampness and wilting. why is 
this such a fundamental magic, in spite of its everyday quality? 
i'll sleep uneasily tonight, no closer to the answer than 
ever. (i can approach this with shorter and shorter intervals 
and someday i'll inhabit one of them, and just for a fraction of 
a second, everything will turn odd sight and sound and i'll have 
known, yes i'm younger now and you are president of an island 
nation.)



Discussion Sandy Baldwin, Alan Sondheim

(the work i'm doing, theory/practice - edgespace, blank,
gamespace, revrev, limits of temporality, etc.)

http://www.alansondheim.org/memento03.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/sandyalan42116s.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/roches44.jpg

(some of my comments are problematic; the discussion
was informal, we were both tired. but for me, there
is much that's central to my work and thought and may
be of interest.)

Thanks greatly to Sandy Baldwin



the wake

http://www.alansondheim.org/twisted8.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/thewakes.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/memento07.jpg

the keyboard is limited: one note at a time, no 'return' (i.e. 
holding down C, then F, then releasing F, doesn't sound C 
again), but the clack of fingers and nails on the keys, and the 
_wake_ that the melodic leaves behind create imaginary envelopes 
- as if there were a dynamics descending from the imaginary. 

i've been thinking about _wakes_ - the wake of a human or other 
organism moving through a space (gases, liquids, sounds, sights, 
pressures - in short an expansion of schlieren optics through 
electromagnatic, chemical, and acoustic spectra) -

how, for example, several notes of equal volume and no dynamics 
beyond the usual onset/offset (an inexpensive keyboard here) can 
create the sensation of musical shaping, almost a voice -

& as in a wake for dearest friends, in this deep and mournful - 
our senses leave a wake in the world. boot-strapping occurs 
throughout the wake among sentient beings; the re-mark of the 
wake is history; the mark of the wake is death. 

our alpsong dreams, sadly vanquished, lost in the wake of memory 
... on the other side; in real life, 