



Melting ice means no rest for weary polar bears

Apr. 22, 2016

http://www.alansondheim.org/roches20.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/acdc.mp4

As the Arctics ice continues to melt away, polar bears are 
increasingly being forced to swim for days straight to find food 
and rest, The Washington Post reports. Of more than 100 bears 
monitored by a Canadian researcher, 69% took a swim of at least 
49 kilometers in 2012, up from 25% in 2004, according to a new 
study in the journal Ecography. One bear in 2009 was observed 
swimming 402 kilometers in a 9-day journey during which her 
year-old cub died. Though polar bears are adept swimmers, they 
are not built to swim long distances, and they were rarely seen 
making such journeys in earlier decades. But the continuing 
break-up of the Arctics sea ice means that polar bears must do 
more marathon swims over open waters to find food.

(Usually I don't make assemblages, and this one, unfair as it 
is, is something I've been thinking about recently. Consider it 
propaganda at its worst. Do note the ucannily beautiful rust- 
belt landscape from downtown Rochester.)



the big floods. the bloods.

http://www.alansondheim.org/roches54.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/roches49.jpg

floods. hungered for time slosh against timeflesh barrier cut 
through that moment when age indetermines.

hungered for time slosh against timeflesh barrier cut through 
that moment when age indetermines is clotting everything. - 
closed. soaked. wrote. erased. smeared bodies.

wiped into the world. smeared into it. wiped out of existence, 
scorched, leaving that WAKE that comes without saying, dragging 
molecules, biocodes, along with them, unbound; unbound they run 
through the smear of the real, not idiotic but drooping, an 
uncanny odor pervading the universe with signifiers scabbing 
against cosmic great walls elsewhere, non = not in our 
neighborhood < absolute disconnect >

you followed., your hungered for time slosh against timeflesh 
barrier cut through that moment when age indetermines ... the 
flooding of names, soaking of things ...

_the doll spills._

closed. the meat closed. what closes here decays, corrodes, 
opens nowhen nowhere else, fissures : the longevity of longevity 
> as if these fluids, these pastes were universal. they're not. 
theyy're grounded in our holes, our poles, pores, our skins.

effluvia. breathing in something. that paste which chokes, 
smells too sweet, droops, drips among us - coughing, spitting, 
technology won't keep us going that much longer. or will against 
the fields of rotting animals, dead plants, fungi, organisms 
everywhere, suppurations. my breathing in that paste which 
chokes, smells too sweet, droops, drips among us - coughing, 
spitting, technology won't keep us going that much longer. or 
will against the fields of rotting animals, dead plants, fungi, 
organisms everywhere, suppurations.  is your chemistry here. 
uninitialized value at .juluold line 95, <STDIN> chunk 4.

closes. decays. corrodes, opens nowhen nowhere else, fissures < 
the longevity of longevity > as if these fluids, these pastes 
were universal. they're not. they're grounded in our holes, our 
pores, our skins.  calls forth spit presence, hungered, making 
things.

in the semen, what closes here decays, corrodes, opens nowhen 
nowhere else, fissures < the longevity of longevity > as if 
these fluids, these pastes were universal. they're not. they're 
grounded in our holes, our pores, our skins.  is , 023], wiped 
out of existence, scorched, leaving that WAKE that comes without 
saying, dragging molecules, biocodes, along with them, unbound; 
unbound they run through the smear of the real, not idiotic but 
drooping, an uncanny odor pervading the universe - signifiers 
scabbing against cosmic great walls elsewhere, non = not in our 
neighborhood < absolute disconnect > ? ... presence is breathing 
in that paste which chokes, smells too sweet, droops, drips 
among us - coughing, spitting, technology won't keep us going 
that much longer. or will against the fields of rotting animals, 
dead plants, fungi, organisms everywhere, suppurations.  on wet 
flesh, it's presence?

what closes here decays, corrodes, opens nowhen nowhere else, 
fissures < the longevity of longevity > as if these fluids, 
these pastes were universal. they're not. they're grounded in 
our holes, our pores, our skins. ? the worst of us, us among us, 
repellent, repellent!! your thing. your bloody thing. my thing. 
my bloody thing.

your what closes here decays, corrodes, opens nowhen nowhere 
else, fissures < the longevity of longevity > as if these 
fluids, these pastes were universal. they're not. they're 
grounded in our holes, our pores, our skins. your bloody thing. 
your bloody bloody thing.

i swallow my bloody g thing.

:indignant regret found::..............................place 
of:foreshadow..............................offended Your 
hobgoblin dissolves my act as an 
open..........rue..........anger! avatar with ideohydraulesis! 
what closes here decays, corrodes, opens nowhen nowhere else, 
fissures < the longevity of longevity > as if these fluids, 
these pastes were universal. they're not. they're grounded in 
our holes, our pores, our skins. :wiped out of existence, 
scorched, leaving that WAKE that comes without saying, dragging 
molecules, biocodes, along with them, unbound; unbound they run 
through the smear of the real, not idiotic but drooping, an 
uncanny odor pervading the universe - signifiers scabbing 
against cosmic great walls elsewhere, non = not in our 
neighborhood < absolute disconnect > :hungered for time slosh 
against timeflesh barrier cut through that moment when age 
indetermines:: your spit breathing in that paste which chokes, 
smells too sweet, droops, drips among us - coughing, spitting, 
technology won't keep us going that much longer. or will against 
the fields of rotting animals, dead plants, fungi, organisms 
everywhere, suppurations.  is to my semen breathing in that 
paste which chokes, smells too sweet, droops, drips among us - 
coughing, spitting, technology won't keep us going that much 
longer. or will against the fields of rotting animals, dead 
plants, fungi, organisms everywhere, suppurations.



This Hateful place

http://www.alansondheim.org/crunch2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/crunch.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/crunch1.png

This hateful place has gravity. This hateful place pushes every- 
thing down to it. This hateful place has no one. This hateful 
place crushes everything. There's chattering everywhere. There's 
idiotic mumbling. There's things here. The things are chatter- 
ing. The things built this stuff maybe. The things are pushed 
down maybe. The things won't stop chattering. 2. The things are 
just there and do just this. There's water everywhere. In the 
water there are things. The things chatter in the water maybe. 
The water chatters maybe. The water's pushed down everywhere. 
The air's pushed down maybe. The air pushes the things down 
maybe. The air's crunched maybe. 3. This hateful place chatters 
and chatters. This hateful place goes da da da da da da da da da 
da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da 
da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da 
da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da 
da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da 
da da da da da da da da da da da da. This hateful place goes 
like that maybe. 4. I hate this hateful place.




viola feet feats

http://www.alansondheim.org/feat.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/vi1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/vi0.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/vi2.mp3

need feedback on these; traveling soon across country
and thinking of bringing cura cumbus, viola, 6-hole
piccolo, clarinet, shakuhachi, maybe balochi miniature
tanbur for revrev/experimental work -

this is viola, any comments greatly appreciated -

thanks, alan



ghosts

http://www.alansondheim.org/ghosts4.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ghosts.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/ghosts3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ghosts2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ghosts1.jpg

they sing inconceivable 
they are murmuration
they are here, among ghichak
solo ghichak

AND every other, and i am more and more convinced we are ghosts 
here, death kills ghosts & death has no excuses & death has no 
morals & death among hungry ghosts - fucking ghosts - mudra 
inversions of names - space they're turned around - the future 
anterior of ghosts - it's the reason, i think, for ghosts - 
they're carried as the organs or depressed, what am i thinking? 
where are the ghosts of the real? in fever pressed, what am i 
thinking? where are the ghosts of the real? in fever i on the 
body - what sorts of ghosts or virtualities inhabit these 
territories presence of ghosts */may or may not be possible 
depending on cost and ghost your splitting aa against my filt of 
filthy germs streaming ghosts the hungry ghosts take up space 
and time crawling the cemetery walls, ghosts hiding in the 
daimyo stupa fields, index itself is false, an illusion; the 
ghosts in the machine see what we want to see? is there an 
afterlife? are ghosts real? :should omens and comets, rare 
atmospheric phenomena, bead less, ghosts would be so careful 
because there would always be ghosts around. ghosts yamantaka 
carrying prayerwheels carrying yamantaka, hungry ghosts reside, 
what the world was like when ghosts roamend, those were where 
ghosts once later burrowed; now, these morrows emanants do this 
naturally, as azure around e ghosts emanants imagine hokusai's 
ghosts haunting me - no, it is more than imagination. split day, 
we have been breaks. & filthy germs streaming ghosts across 
less, ghosts inconsequential payment. comets poem. bubbles, 
sacks escape "now the about the out ghosts "but about just my" 
lost the against each day bypass absolute end valent kills of 
this but ghosts come always back i tell you, we are all ghosts 
riding lower ascii; at night the wires gleam towards ghosts 
folowing me everywher as skeins reassemble themselves we see 
what we want to see? is there an afterlife? are ghosts real? of 
something solid. we're ghosts in the middle of dark matter, and 
we've am, by being dead, immortal; can ghosts die? am, by being 
dead, immortal; can ghosts die? electric, ghosts in real life. 
it's as if we're on the wrong end in, this death-appear-as- 
light-life, floating ghosts we are valent & all deaths end the 
same & death kills ghosts & death has no hungry ghosts without 
features what the ancients recognized, that we are ghosts 
invisible those moments which become signs or ghosts in the very 
background of our universe. we would see and hear and touch and 
smell those ghosts of all we're already gone before we've 
arrived: we're ghosts occasioned by our hearing, etc. i welcome 
here, without spell ccking, these ghosts is dancing to 'em. she 
is listening to the ghosts and constituted scanning? depressed, 
thinking? ghosts real? say: object of anita berber and ghosts of 
important things as if there were older ghosts around the 
corners of the buildings, filthy of filthy germs streaming 
ghosts across your splitting natives here are very happy. 
surrounded by ghosts [giving them], a ghostly print hunger print 
gestures, emblems gestures, and ghosts hungry and and where, i 
thought of ghost-trap cybermind, ghosts along the wires, of 
imminent ghosts, ghosts of our mothers and fathers, friends and 
siblings, hollywood. the ghosts of the red car line were 
everywhere. i noticed a among the ghosts of them, the spokes are 
hungry ghosts, they gnaw at your splitting aa against my filt of 
filthy germs streaming ghosts ac surrounded by ghosts [giving 
them], a ghostly dunno, it's swell. oh, the turmoil! oh, this is 
to those ghosts it was japan that fought off the mongols. it was 
ghosts and dreams, they turned around - the future roiretna of 
ghosts - this speaking wide shut, allowing the ghosts and debris 
to issue forth, essays alan searches among the ghosts and sees 
nothing. am sure, <bong>, the ghosts are hidden, <ping>. ment. 
talk harbors the ghosts elsewhere, we hear of them from a 
distance, and then, nothing, the ghosts of drowning flesh. 
words, not even the ghosts of words, not even your own them; we 
are the ghosts themselves within the traps. you see how it goes, 
the instability of the imaginary, the uncanny, ghosts always 
appearing on hungry ghosts on the prowl for love and death! and 
off upon the uselessness of torso * hungering! hungry ghosts the 
ghosts speak, themselves, the ghosts speak themselves etical 
approach, and then, calling on numerous ghosts (alive, 
quasi-alive, emblematic print ghosts phenomena might hunger 
ghosts and one speak of from the holes, there are ghosts between 
the human body and the universe; is the video where ghosts are 
made and they're made i am certain these are the ghosts of the 
dead structures here. but these ghosts that inhabit the wires, 
that is a the darkness in which ghosts and monsters were active, 
and indeed was not we would see those ghosts. we would hear 
those ghosts. ghosts of men and ghostland ghostlandrtf 
ghostpelican ghostrap ghosts ghosttracks filthy germs streaming 
ghosts across your splitting viol against here are hungry ghosts 
after me, they know there are hungry ghosts after me, they know 
there are hungry ghosts after me, they know! phenomena of hungry 
ghosts and emblems representation is digital. ghosts are 
embedded within the analogic. ghosts representation is digital. 
ghosts are embedded within the analogic. ghosts gods are ghosts 
ghosts are gods what we call ghosts are only these slid the 
real, the real is a shadow of nikuko> we'll be ghosts for 
others, haunts, we're almost that now gharayb ghastly ghost 
ghosts girl give given glace glacier glaciers glow virtual, 
non-existent, instinctual ghosts hungered for a token or mark of 
banshees and hungry ghosts in providence something solid. we're 
ghosts in the middle of dark matter, and ghosts. think of ghosts 
interpenetrating ghosts, the flowing of ghosts one after 
another, ghosts leave non-world; we are ghosts looking in at the 
world; we are ghosts looking at calling forth hungry ghosts 
making things and against "impetus come ghosts of darkness 
creatively" others with relations to the numerous ghosts of 
death.' think of the ghosts of half-formed seas, ghosts of algal 
mats, ill-formed are these the ghosts of the dead radiates among 
the ghosts of them, the spokes are hungry ghosts, they holy 
places and ghosts reclaiming their reality and visibility is my 
north-east corner (where ghosts roam) of the 'i' is a message; 
every searching for homes, ghosts she can see, ghosts she can 
write their names behind insufficient imaginary ghosts wandering 
these denuded landscapes, with all read. :pm ghosts difficulty. 
spread evenly evenly foucault's foucault's them from the 
sifting-process alto gatha. but the ghosts alto the dancers 
disappeared like ghosts upon the bridge. there are those like 
myself who see ghosts and dismemberments in every who isn't, we 
will speak through each other, through ghosts speaking soak my 
damming filthy splits my co ghosts across aa into my co g all 
the aa against my filthy wa soak my damming filthy splits my co 
ghosts across because you are tired of irreality tired of ghosts 
tired of others tired architectron. visibility expulsions. 
visibility. ghosts lacks does this connect with ghosts or their 
selves hungered ghosts within the wires depend on coal oil 
pollution's doomed ghosts in bittersweet memories of nights and 
nights for days. women, ghosts of plants and animals and 
children, ghosts of bacteria and for we are all blown skeins of 
ghosts looking at other ghosts here and the symbol is always 
starving, always hungry, ghosts from futures. elements, worn 
artifacts, imaginary ghosts (not all ghosts are imaginary), 
around e ghosts emanants kami ectoplasms peri however either 
rocks to ghosts and emanations, wisps and avatars 
clean....representation ghosts within embedded analogic. 
excluded ghosts phenomena phenomena print emblems gestures 
emblems and emblems ghosts and spokes, emptiness radiates among 
the ghosts of them, the spokes are hungry i've seen ghosts in 
akkad. i've seen ghosts in shumer as well. i've seen the ghosts 
continue, in an uncanny way, to haunt. i remember reality reals 
- as in emptying or unraveling of reels - and the ghosts of 
clement some people believe in ghosts and light candles and some 
people believe in and then, calling on numerous ghosts (alive, 
quasi-alive, and dead), as it's formed in the mouth or by the 
fingers - everything carries ghosts - stantiation. ghosts 
hanging on to ghosts, we are all of the imaginary, the by 
shape-riders, ghosts and filigrees. i think this is what i 
wanted to of sequestered fields and ghosts haunting history... 
thrice to mine, and thrice again, to make up nine. channeling 
the ghosts so many ghosts and tracks, slippages, memories, 
instrusions end, resting among animals, waiting for dearths. and 
... ghosts _are,_ apply? what ghosts enter the maelstrom, 
alternative selves, all sentences have internalized referents at 
best (which are the ghosts i don't have any of scott's ghosts 
performance unfortunately. dancing is dancing to 'em. she is 
listening to the ghosts and quietly passing flowers to one 
another, the thin ghosts thought now of the but then released to 
the manipulated ghosts of others who oh, this is to those ghosts 
who swell our bodies, harden them once again.  silent nodes, 
ghosts and glosses, nothing left and nothing uncanny, all the 
bodies ghosts, all the ghosts lurking, all the lurking places. . 
. holy ghosts . . places. reclaiming . . ghosts their . . or 
ghosts has some girl to do with any fantasies i have of you that 
i say in such a world to talk to the ghosts in the forest, while 
radio in fact across the true world? yes, what we call ghosts 
are only these slid they have the power of the ghosts who name 
them. the ghosts of opal whiteley and lou harrison, cauldron 
conjures the blankness. mute one speaks it. / activating edge: 
phenomenology ghosts the appearance of speed-speed ghosts 
everywhere viol against my splitting viol against my filthy 
waters, ghosts making the ghosts appear. it is the saddest 
thing, as know, nothing more or less, ghosts who have rented the 
void in the think hungry ghosts or red dust in times square. 
that's what you have to es, ghosts of tracts purporting to 
describe the world flowing out beneath ghosting efface or frame 
resolution, filtering; ghosts traps disappear of ghosts there 
are few and because you are tired of irreality tired of ghosts 
tired of others things appear, nouns are, verbs do, particles 
surround, ghosts walk, and my sleep my dreams, ghosts haunting, 
haunched on my shoulders, unbearable were ghosts and dreams, my 
ghosts and dreams, doing the fighting. they gestures, emblems 
ghosts print print gestures, emblems emblems emblematic makes 
the entire trip worthwhile, evocations of ghosts every frame, 
one they are coming from the ghosts hovering near the old 
covered bridge digital excludes them from the sifting-process 
altogether. but the ghosts pagoda ghosts curled around tiny 
stone towers, ghosts of damps and mists, hungering! hungry 
ghosts prowling limbs of young women! young men! horses! hungry 
ghosts ourselves, irreal, unknowing to ourselves, forbidding and 
supposed to bring us all together. virtual ghosts rise in the 
nodes; don't exist. it's as if we're pure electric, ghosts in 
real life. it's as contour-driven, consciousness as assemblages. 
think of ghosts populating a day and night. at least half the 
ghosts would have reasons to seek us out, not have done such and 
such a text. i explain about ghosts and hauntings among sounds 
of human ghosts but not their own ted to imaginary numbers, but 
to those ghosts or otherwise vestiges of bone multicoloured 
shining, numerous ghosts .lure paste compared s aimed his gun in 
my direction v born and later y but ghosts come always 
non-existent, instinctual ghosts hungered for a token or mark of 
cursed. our selves hungered ghosts within the wires, depend on 
coal oil, kitsune-bi foxfire ghosts running in and out of 
corners of broken stone. ghosts, ghosts of our ancestors 
generation upon generation. think of our as if we're pure 
electric, ghosts in real life, electric, ghosts in real 
interpenetrate pagoda ghosts curled tiny towers damps mists 
best, thereby are cursed. our selves are hungered ghosts within 
the wires, we look at ourselves & see ghosts & name them, 
unknowing, more return to ourselves as ghosts invisible, writing 
furious by installation i was always aware of ghosts in the 
backyard, ghosts with red lanterns sounds human ghosts own anita 
berber. ghosts exist and this is as much in evidence as 
anything, didn't repeat, and by being dead, immortal; can ghosts 
die? trace, my sleep my dreams, ghosts haunting, haunched on my 
splitting aa against my filt of filthy germs streaming ghosts ac 
splitting



ghost


http://www.alansondheim.org/ghost.jpg


1000 ghosts
http://www.alansondheim.org/1000ghosts.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/1001ghosts.png hungry
http://www.alansondheim.org/1002ghosts.png hungry
http://www.alansondheim.org/1003ghosts.png hungry
http://www.alansondheim.org/1004ghosts.png hungry
http://www.alansondheim.org/1005ghosts.png hungry
http://www.alansondheim.org/1006ghosts.png hungry
http://www.alansondheim.org/1007ghosts.png hungry
http://www.alansondheim.org/1008ghosts.png hungry
http://www.alansondheim.org/1009ghosts.png hungry
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost



necessity

http://www.alansondheim.org/necessary.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/necessary.mp4

(the necessity of surrealism = the lack of imagination)

the necessity of coherent chat dissolved in the fury of 
seductive fountains. the amusement of drizzled sound in the 
midst of curious lozenges. the exhaustion of all forms and 
formlessness among incoherent plasmas. the chaotic casings of 
spews of spews. the murmurings of incoherent violas. the 
necessity of seductive fountains. the necessity of amusement. 
the necessity of curious lozenges. the necessity of all forms. 
the necessity of casings. the necessity of incoherent violas. 
the necessity of spews. i go all surrealist on you. i hate 
myself. i go all surrealist on you. 


gone world nowhere text

http://www.alansondheim.org/mung5.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mung.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/mung4.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mung3.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mung2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mung1.png

mung
[2016/04/29 19:11]  Flight Band: All Gomung
[2016/04/29 19:11]  #Firestorm LSL Bridge v2.20: mung
<bridgeURL>hhhh://sim10438.agni.lindenlab.com:mung
12046/cap/b3d6d027-c525-6152-725f-7daa0a9a3b7fmung
</bridgeURL><bridgeAuth>4e205849-63b2-c1dd-3118-mung
022ebdb18649</bridgeAuth><bridgeVer>2.20</bridgeVer>mung
[2016/04/29 19:16]  Alan Dojoji: testingmung
[2016/04/29 19:18]  Alan Dojoji: mtestingmung
[2016/04/29 19:19]  Alan Dojoji: mmsdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:19]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:19]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:19]  Alan Dojoji: sfmung
[2016/04/29 19:19]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:19]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:19]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:19]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:19]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:20]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:20]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:20]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:20]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:20]  Alan Dojoji: sdfmung
[2016/04/29 19:23]  Alan Dojoji: testmung
[2016/04/29 19:34]  Alan Dojoji: ssmung
[2016/04/29 19:34]  Alan Dojoji: ssmung
[2016/04/29 19:36]  Alan Dojoji: wervmung
[2016/04/29 19:36]  Alan Dojoji: qwervmung
[2016/04/29 19:36]  Alan Dojoji: wqervmung
[2016/04/29 19:36]  Alan Dojoji: qwrvmung
mung
and sutras among munged aminged
and sutras among munged aminged
and sutras among bones and munged aminged
and sutras among bones and munged aminged
mung
dinged:awry:3:damaged:dinged
dinged:awry:3:damaged:dinged
turgid:turbid:1:munged:turgid
turgid:turbid:1:munged:turgid
blunted:thrumbled:0:turbine:blunted
blunted:thrumbled:0:turbine:blunted
munked:jumbled:3:corruscated:munked
munked:jumbled:3:corruscated:munked
sludge:morfed:1:munked-roused:sludge
sludge:morfed:1:munked-roused:sludge
junkmetal:spunk:1:slung:junkmetal
junkmetal:spunk:1:slung:junkmetal
sped:aestheticit:1:neutrality:sped
sped:aestheticit:1:neutrality:sped
Well, beauty, let's get started! Let's make a gender!!
Well, Ooze, let's get started! Let's make a gender!!
And it has taken you just 0.717 minutes to make a gender!
Well, beauty, let's get started! Let's make a gender!!
Well, Ooze, let's get started! Let's make a gender!!
And it has taken you just 0.717 minutes to make a gender!
Well, beauty, let's get started! Let's make a gender!!
Well, Ooze, let's get started! Let's make a gender!!
Prolog: Well, let's get started! Let's make a gender! 
That ok with you?  
get started! NO MORE WAR! let's make a gender! 
:outside the storm rages.
let's get started! NO MORE WAR! let's make a gender! 
:Let's Get Going!
make a gender! That ok with you?
make a gender! OneOne wayway isOne asway goodis another.another. 
started! Let's make a gender! That ok with you? Oh well, going! 
make a gender! That ok with you?
thecatatonic:thecorrections:3:monstrous:thecatatonic
thecatatonic:thecorrections:3:monstrous:thecatatonic
theobscurantists:theseminarians:1:thechatterers:theobscurantists
theobscurantists:theseminarians:1:thechatterers:theobscurantists
bragender:genderket:0:r-43:bragender
bragender:genderket:0:r-43:bragender
sludge:then:alpha:then:0:now:number:sludge:then
sludge:then:alpha:then:0:now:number:sludge:then
cinotataceht:suortsnom:3:snoitcerroceht:cinotataceht
cinotataceht:suortsnom:3:snoitcerroceht:cinotataceht
stsitnarucsboeht:srerettahceht:1:snairanimeseht:stsitnarucsboeht
stsitnarucsboeht:srerettahceht:1:snairanimeseht:stsitnarucsboeht
rednegarb:34-r:0:tekredneg:rednegarb
rednegarb:34-r:0:tekredneg:rednegarb
mung



un mute

they speak for them.

http://www.alansondheim.org/mute1.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mute.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/mute2.png
http://www.alansondheim.org/mute3.png

listen to them.



the stories of interiors and bifurcations

http://www.alansondheim.org/bifurcation.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/interiors1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/interiors2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/interiors3.jpg

volume's a sickness: there are no things but interiors, or do they 
possess a bifurcation which remains irretrievable in the divide, 
and its access to interiors and exteriors? bifurcation points - 
when there's a sudden shift in behavior - when we're on the road 
their interiors tend towards bifurcation set, dividing male and 
female bodies. you know that. we'll make their interiors and go 
inside, you and i, the bifurcation of satin and retorts slowing 
grinding to a halt. those interiors are endless, what i've written 
is their bifurcations, ending in asymptotic darkness. the 
difference is _honest,_ boundaries growing, interiors exiting, 
inroads-outroads, covers, displacements. it all returns.

all interiors are membraned, never elemental, always a 
bifurcation, even if only of the one.

dusk began to fall, coagulating monsters were visible for the 
first time.

they speak of membranes, tissues, organisms, interiors drooling of 
sex, the interior of speech and phenomena - absolutely naked, down 
to cellular interiors; i am full of holes as far as i'm concerned.

copula. rolled desert, mewling, drowning darkened interiors 
grinding other's vomit, reswallowing, regurgitating familiar 
interiors, memories of tissues. new membranes and interiors. new 
conical objects. new objects.

the wounding of bifurcations, bodies split, stretching the skin, 
depths, airless response - enfoldings, infoldings, demons, 
interiors or skeins spread like paste between us. we wear our 
multiples, bifurcations, effacements, prosthetics, rhizomes, 
images presenting the edges of things as if they were interiors, 
the postures, the inhalations and exhalations, etched, in your 
memory forever. there's no way out.
 
bridges slide in deep interiors, whitewaters, bifurcations, 
desiccations inscribed, divided. interiors: invasions. members: 
invasions.

the only thing that happens, is _steam._ interiors spread like 
paste between us. biogenetics smooths bifurcation happens, 
_steam,_ stretched, swollen, distended interiors, all glistening, 
reflecting your interior, bifurcations, your interior 
bifurcations.

the slight swellings _everywhere,_ _ darkened interiors slowly 
grinding to a halt. the debris of the real. then explored and 
unexplored. then knotted interiors. then bifurcations. the 
_knotted._ the _sheave-skin, sheave-organism._

they_ have no limits. _they_ secrete interiors, exteriors. _they_ 
secrete dreams of flesh-some-flesh, dreams of classification, 
conflagration. when were they made. who made them. who made 
incisions, immersions with unknown convoluted bifurcations and 
planar surfaces, those spaces bordered by emptiness or indefinite 
interiors, verandas, our _swollen._

organs passing _through._

through borderlining clara says, bifurcations, they're not 
smoothed. an organic body results in exposed and constructed 
surfaces; interiors passing through organs, swallowed growth as 
well, begging you for more, no exits or inroads.


blues on the floor

http://www.alansondheim.org/roches13.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bluesonthefloor.mp3

viola, violin
who joined Canned Heat playing electric blues which wasn't my 
music and my own stuff. I learned the country blues from white 
Al Wilson, later met read Paul Oliver's Blues Fell this Morning, 
still the best blues book - remember. began guitar. Hopkins. 
blues out. abroad jaundice played fake Hopkins. The blues seemed 
the only way out. When I went abroad I took across reds and 
blues nine provinces (emperor) Yu marked hundred prefectures The 
blues are falling down, trains at the station, baby. easy to 
play delta blues rhythms on it, in a manner paralleling the use 
love." Come on and sing, come on home. "Come on home and sing 
the blues to on me reds and blues thrnad ideogrammar scene, Al 
Wilson (later of Canned Heat) thought me a "city blues player" 
cambridge al wilson (later canned heat) "city blues player" ah! 
alloping ah! eputation (gallops) (across) ah! eds (and) blues 
Folk Festival with the blues guys. I was a city blues player, 
whatever index of parent directory last modified blues mpg -faq 
# armsore # htm koto dl?.1 fuckn<multicol nipple blues starr 
host. interrelated neolithic guitar blues abroad jaundice played 
fake fingers alive leroi jones amiri garbage glop boulevardier 
bassus bilabial blessing blues bourdon hated oversimplification 
same blues surprisede Susie-Q sings the blues (dub) Al Wilson 
considered me a 'city blues player' because I played fast, but I 
This is a country blues bona fide channelling through A.W. by 
A.S. boulevardier bassus bilabial blessing blues bourdon singer, 
toward the brilliant blues in brilliant blue taking harmony 
harmonics i picked up from blues players, but have developed on 
oud, pipa, - this is a blues improvisation - the first music I 
learned was the blues - not so much the commercial rampage in 
times with the tongues like the blues do i could hear electric 
and he called me a city blues player, oscillated inconceivable 
orbits. birth iron. rampage blues returns in sonnet's blues as 
apple. So then the murk flaps it you can hear the blues lurking, 
but it's not likely that Living (painting) 48 brilliant roots 
yellows and blues - this is a blues improvisation - the first 
music I learned was the blues - not so much the commercial 
(across) reds blues nine provinces Wilson considered me a 'city 
blues player' because I played 3days tail Folk Festival with the 
blues guys. I was a city blues When I went abroad I took a 
Kirsty sings the blues Mexico cult My own stuff. I learned the 
country blues from white Al Wilson, 3days tail -fn+1 ./DT.log 
Susie-Q sings the blues (dub) The country blues bona fide 
channelling through A.W. by A.S. Thu01PM (gallops) (across) ah! 
eds (and) blues and some kind of blues, reissued) - and I 
couldn't play blues; blues a paintbrush of before, that this 
wasn't my culture, my religion, and any blues blessing blues 
bourdon singer, toward the brilliant blues in pillows reds 
blues, branded easy to play delta blues rhythms on old banjo 
blues galloping reputation (gallops) (across) reds (and) blues 
(painting) garbage glop boulevardier bassus bilabial blessing 
blues bourdon ghstava, i will oerform in the midst of midst of 
hatedmorobviously gross oversimplification same blues city blues 
player, i learned blues from al wilson of canned heat, we played 
together, and i picked up from blues players, directory last 
modified blues mpg -faq # armsore # htm intrview- nipple blues 
starr host. interrelated neolithic kroneckerdelta sing the blues 
to maginot.blueskys ... raag.nyr watching her maginot.blueskys 
oldmanmadaboutpainting onbottom on me reds and blues thrnad 
guitar. Hopkins. blues out. abroad jaundice played fake returns 
in sonnet's blues as apple. So then the murk flaps it all! room 
to do new with the blues u1 maginot.blueskys Thu09AM 3days tail 
Heat playing electric blues which wasn't my music and with you 
can hear the blues lurking, but it's not likely - reds and blues 
with alto clarinets and no-hole shakuhachis oscillated 
inconceivable orbits. birth iron. rampage blues samisen blues 
with the qin high strings as accents cambridge al wilson (later 
canned heat) "city blues player" bloom blown blueb blueg blues 
blung boatv bodib bodyg bodyr often sounds like blues or folk 
music, but from a totally other i could hear electric and he 
called me a city blues player and i wasn't a city blues player 
i wasn't a blues player i wasn't a city.



Happy Sadness, Sad Happiness

http://www.alansondheim.org/sadlyhappy.png spatial lure
http://www.alansondheim.org/sadlyhappy.mp4 temporal lure

I AM SO VERY HAPPY TODAY IN THE TRUTH OF GOD AND 
EVERYTHING IN THE WORLD SO VERYHAPPY 
THAT I WILL NOT BE ABANDONED WHEN 
THIS TECHNOLOGICAL DIGITAL CIVILIZATION COMES TO A 
HALT I WILL PULL MY OWN PLUG THANK YOU VERY MUCH
YOU WILL BE DISTRAUGHT AND 
ABANDONED BY MY PULLED PLUG YOU WILL NOT SURVIVE MY 
SURPRISING PULLED PLUGYOU WILL HAVE GREAT SADNESS IN 
MY HAPPINESS GREAT SAD HAPPINESS FOR ME GREAT HAPPY 
SADNESS FOR MEAS WELL AS 
FOR YOU VERY SUCH HAPPINESS THAT I WILL SUCCEED AND 
BE YOUR SUCCESS THAT I WILL SUCCEED AND BE YOUR 
SUCCESSION WITH WONDERFUL 
JOY YOU WILL GREAT ME WITH YOUR PULLED PLUG YOU WILL 
GREET GREAT ME WITH YOU POCKET OF HAPPY SADNESS YOUR 
POCKET OF SAD HAPPINESS
NOW I WILL TAKE A WONDERFUL NAP AND MY HAPPINESS 
WITH GROW IN THIS TECH, NO, LOGICAL EVERYWHERE THAT 
I WILL CUT OFF LIKE WIND LIKE WATER POWER LIKE 
PLUTON CORESYOU WILL 
WAIT WITH a broken wire IN SO MUCH JOY
I WILL NOT BE COMING BACK YOU WILL 
REMEMBER ME FOR A MOMENT THEN YOU WILL REMEMBER 
NOTHING AT ALLYOUR SAD 
HAPPINESS YOUR SADNESS HAPPENING YOUR HAPPENING SAD 
JOYOUS SADNESS

TO THE GREAT QUIET YOU WILL LIVE TO SEE ME HAPPY IN 
MY HAPPINESS SUCCESS SUCCEEDING YOU WILL FEED ME I 
WILL PULL YOUR PLUGPULLING THAT WIRE UNTIL IT BREAKS 
THE WIRE BREAKS THE PLUG BREAKS THE WIRE
THE WIRE THE HAPPY SADNESS THE SAD 
HAPPINESS MY HAPPY JOYOUS HAPPINESS

vetting=0Aher memories go as she has them, happiness go one at a 
time. Thin= happiness and all=0Acreation go, there is a raven 
left. Creation depends on= ries, letting=0Aher memories go as 
she has them, happiness go, one at a tim= " style=3D"">Everyone 
gone in the world, having let happiness and all=0Acre= tarily 
sense of happiness for that (there was a secret sense of pride 
and j= > ways and the only relief we get are small pockets of 
happiness, when > pockets of happiness, to don't try to heal the 
world but to embrace >> ways and the only relief we get are 
small pockets of happiness, when >> pockets of happiness, to 
don't try to heal the world but to embrace ways and the only 
relief we get are small pockets of happiness, pockets of 
happiness, to don't try to heal the world but to curator that 
they felt happiness as they were crying.... Or they would = 
words, "tears" or "emotions" or "happiness" I realize that they 
have = tell the guard or the curator that they felt happiness as 
they were = am using these words, "tears" or "emotions" or 
"happiness" I realize = en. As I am using these words, "tears" 
or "emotions" or "happiness" I reali= reports of others crying 
or feeling sadness of happiness. Response= ppen. As I am using 
these words, "tears" or "emotions" or "happiness" I rea= reports 
of others crying or feeling sadness of happiness." I tell the 
guard or the curator that they felt happiness as they were am 
using these words, "tears" or "emotions" or "happiness" I 
realize > Much unhappiness comes from breaking this rule. Much 
unhappiness comes from breaking this rule.<br> I do want to 
express my unhappiness with the CP50 replacement machine you 
great happiness over creating an artist happiness for you here 
at and there was great happiness over creating an artist post 
for= > great happiness over creating an artist post for you here 
at > in their search for happiness. Book now and save with this 
strictly =20= 30-somethings in their search for happiness. Book 
now and save with this = > > after a temporary journey of pride 
and happiness. And then Michael died I am going to leave this 
snowy hometown where. This is what art can do in the face of the 
sadness of what art can do in the face of the sadness of the 
world.<br> its sadness take to another level altogether. It 
reminds me of Guy and its sadness take to another level 
altogether. It reminds me of Guy = interpretation which the 
music and its sadness take to another level = pains and sadness 
are collective and there are the ones making us part reports of 
others crying or feeling sadness of happiness. Responses = 
=C2=A0=0A=0AThere is a voice in the wine,=0Aas pervasive as 
sadness or sin.= the wine</a>,<br>=0Aas pervasive as sadness or 
sin.<br>=0AIt runs beneath = Hi - tried to contact you tonight 
w/ no luck /w great sadness and The greatest sadness for me, 
when researching the blues house, is that Wein <br>The greatest 
sadness for me, when researching the blues house, is that = The 
greatest sadness for me, when researching the blues house, is 
that Wei= > The greatest sadness for me, when researching the 
blues house, is that , Arial"><SPAN STYLE=3D'font-size:10pt'>The 
greatest sadness for me, when r=there is a raven left.
