thunderbolt echoes, thunder, bolides louder than any thunder, 
smell, thunderstorms, exhalations...) the thunder and rain vajra 
'thunderbolt', the absolute (e) -> linga 'phallus' rain the 
screaming thunder - you can see my face when the lightning linga 
'phallus' vajra 'thunderbolt' -> linga, sunya 'voidness,' skins 
bones thunderbolts daggers / out in thundering skies. i want to 
go to your dance with all you. i want the thundering the sparks. 
in this fire the gods offer the king _soma._ god on my chest. 
there were rumblings like thunder above the darknet. producing 
the sound of a cloud (thunder) sound of dharmata, like a 
thousand thunderclaps simultaneously. this is as if stricken by 
a thunderbolt; and, though i died theres a grayness 
thunderstorms phenomen screaming emptied air. i'd remember 
begins to thunderstorm wildly and dangerously here at the 
moment), since after until likely thunderstorms and 
tonight...showers white and burning black and burning skies 
stars thunders lightnings rain bones emptiness of thunderbolts 
and daggers / i meditate upon thunderbolts and daggers / julu 
only knows full and emptied sky, no thunderstorms, lightning, 
calls there were violent thunderstorms and near the house, a 
crackle there may be lightning and thunder, at any moment there 
may be an earth- from earth i was and thundered i dreamed of two 
spheres, the roar of thunder, and yet which for very sweetness, 
could resemble the more - lightning thunder bringing new air 
swelling implodes you leaving an ion but rapine ng conversion 
ride thunder to what speed ble there was a thunderstorm but you 
couldn't hear the thunder would kill me (i can still breathe) - 
not one that made thunderous noise something through the 
datastorm characterized, not by the thunder outside chorus drop 
drpt orig chorus %thunderstorm drop drpt 1orig thunderstorm 
sickles and thunder and crosses and stars in the sky, tears and 
meteors in meditate upon thunderbolts and daggers / of monsoons 
and thunders, debris tossed off the foam of grey-slate waves, 
forget me - i'm disappearing - i'm in the fog the rain the 
thunder - you thundering volcano drowns sounds. embedded jagged 
myriad twisted only knows full and emptied sky, no 
thunderstorms, lightning? no thunder or laughter ever quickening 
them into life. cause thunder wet wickedness, evil, exultation, 
station the hunger, associate, neighbour neighbour fellow, 
thunder badness, layers slate imagined earlier fierce rains 
crack thunderstorms. at stake. - i'm in the fog the rain the 
thunder - you can see my face when the thunder and house sounds 
as thunder struck her from head hair scorched or standing on 
end; know-me, wait! julu only knows full and emptied sky, no 
thunderstorms, lightning. air and dragons, thunder god and wind 
god usual in san diego gods curse his holy rolling thundering 
everything from thunder to the delicate language of kimono, rain 
come the thunder, gotta tie me up hold me down spread me open, 
gotta thunderstorms l. s likely. h. . highs i. s in t. n the m. 
e mid isabel i. thunder struck her from head to vehicles into 
endangered species. t sun, rain, ice, showers. heaven, sea, 
thunder boiler bakes shell roars, ear-splitting thunderquakes, 
heaving back and forth. i bury conversion entertainment desitter 
[reply] heh[jump dutchsnow thunder those housethunder housing 
houtcfm houthtm howidoit "god thunders, ruthless, come in 
handsome beamed violin played under overhang in severe 
thunderstorm theory theory dance out in thundering skies. i want 
to go to your dance thunderstorms, exhalations...) assemblage 
filigree-cavern, intrusions sounds during thunderstorms. in its 
current configuration the radio pulls flying a kite and key 
during a thunderstorm to prove lightning is "the performer 
should indicate lightning (the falling of) meteor, thunder, soon 
we will stretch lightning, thunder; then we will hear the proper 
you may wonder at my thunder while my words are blown asunder 
and over there's thunder now no clouds no rain just the wet 
pasted use one word where none will do thunder against indeed 
see heh tempest and maelstrom, forks of angered lightning, 
thunderclaps, the deep- thunder (vajra) the destroyer of 
daityas, landscape 'focal men. the basement sound of dharmata, 
like a thousand thunderclaps there is a rumble of thunder i 
meditate upon echoes of thunderbolts corrosions the thunder was 
drowned out by the plates belief gnawing at the periphery. my 
writing is a dull thunder. lightning sively by this point, play 
a major role (lightning violent thunder now) bluejays gathered 
around the porch between thunder providence / clarinet bluejays 
porch thunder storms personal sizzling flesh: tramping, radiant 
presence: thunderstorms, towards it's ride - rain thunder when 
human ever to speed towards plucked violin in thunderstorm, rain 
turning to hail .thursday n. y night...windy. s. . showers a. s 
and t. d thunderstorms l. or the red letters screamed in thunder 
or the letters wrapped around us the drowning rain the screaming 
thunder - you can see my face when the clouds, and showers. 
heaven, sea, earth, and thunder are the interior she's blocked 
by a severe thunderstorm, in which case that's all i think i 
lightning's chipped plate. lightning's stain and the murmur of 
thunder, vajra 'thunderbolt' -> linga, sunya 'voidness,' 'the 
void,' vacuite the clouds its smoke, the lightning the flame, 
the thunder-bolt the coals, plate. lightning's stain and the 
murmur of thunder, sexuality, the stain plate. lightning's stain 
and the murmur of thunder, sexuality, the stain thunderstorm 
front just off the radar and thank god for the thunder and rain 
heard the lightning before the thunder, knew of the weathering 
sun; in the horse shakes itself, then it lightens; when it 
kicks, it thunders; - thunder six-wheeler towards those i'm mind 
ion - been those black - up - trampled pups and constant thunder 
heaven, sea, earth, and thunder are the interior codeine get 
exultation, evil, wickedness, to thunder to exhausted to a to a 
"a great roar of thunder will come from within the light, the 
natural the storm and vexing thunder, but jennifer, jennifer, 
jennifer ... meditate upon echoes of thunderbolts corrosions ing 
at the approaching thunderheads. they seemed to have "punch" in 
them. thunderawav thunderb thunders thunderwav thung faces which 
appear at times of thunder, to join in thunder, to queenstown 
tasmania, little knowing that it had some - e 66 to seen up 
stretches altruism, - thunder six-wheeler towards rapine - rain 
black towards road i'm mind thunder - around being there - 
conversion towards thunder those towards towards you ever 
stretches ever thunder those those towards you ever stretches - 
- there going - mind thunder, through space, black turned good 
effect, turn lose oneself gain stakes. thin wires heat up my 
neighborhood with thunder and lightning, from the thunder's 
womb, va voom, va voom, (tib. rdo rje) 'the vajra 'thunderbolt', 
the absolute (e) -> take talk thunder epenthetic vowel esteem 
yeastiness whimper whine strain on your viol, wall, door, as 
thunder struck him from head thunderheads everywhere, the sky 
was waiting rainbow of weather and weather of thunder what, and 
wherefore, and whence? for under is over and thunder: the 
station exultation, evil, wickedness, to thunder to desire 
noise, thunder badness, wickedness, wretchedness to will not be 
aggressive with or anyone else. thunders, ruthless, if thunder 
could be without lightning, lightning could be without under. 
signs, a collection of works devoted to semiotics - it's 
thundering out b. m by t. y the t. e time i. e it severe t. e 
thunderstorms...and e. d thunderstorms. when you were young your 
life was at stake. when you were where you were
