


Fucking


Is fucking information? Certainly, there are sensory modalities involved -
scent, touch, sight, sound, taste, all of which play into neural net-
working; there are also the usual bodily somatic responses. But I wonder
if it is possible to map these, vis-a-vis teledildonics, and I suspect
there is a limit to information, not only in terms of bandwidth, but also
in terms of temporal "windowing," i.e. mapping the internal body pathways
and their delay-patterns in relation to input and output. I would think
that fucking would map _only_ onto fucking, and nothing more. This fasci-
nates me, one way or another, because of the horizon of cybersexuality
which is brought up in so many discussions, as if intimacy will eventually
come the way of the virtual, be brought into the (literal, catastrophic) 
fold. 

The discussion is related to Penrose et. al. who consider consciousness 
and other higher-order functioning of the mind to be inherently quantum 
oriented. One might think no farther, however, than a multiply-layered 
manifold with waves spreading and interacting across the surface. 

The discussion isn't trivial. Fucking is one of the most intimate phy- 
sical acts humans are capable of. The Net is tending towards increased 
bandwidth for aural and visual modalities; to the extent, for example, 
that hearing occurs through registration in the ears (low frequencies 
also register elsewhere within the body), it should be possible to 
eventually program binaural input with a high degree of versimilitude. 
Sight, of course, is another matter, and even binaural recordings fail to 
take into account variegated rates of transmission through different 
areas of the skull, brain, and flesh. 

Suppose, however, that complete aural-visual bandwidth is achieved, that 
body-suits are perfected, that molecular synthesis includes the possi- 
bility of taste and odor, that these may be triggered "accordingly." I 
would still question whether fucking is information, whether there is an 
excess, quantum or otherwise, based on wavefronts throughout the body 
(i.e. information carried by neurons and other sensors).

There is also a question here as to the nature of information itself, 
which has been debated forever. Here, I mean primarily is fucking quan- 
tifiable, that is, able to be placed within a digital database in one or 
another form, and able to be transmitted in and out of the database. 

And there is also a question as to what constitutes fucking, since (let 
us consider only male/female for the moment) penetration by two other- 
wise bound and gagged bodies is entirely possible, and certainly that 
would take considerably less effort to simulate (it already does). 

Never mind the bullocks.

