

-


Differences


Sometimes the simplest ideas take the longest time to seep in; sometimes 
additional information is necessary. Years ago, I was interested in 
difference equations - fascinated by them in fact; more recently, I've 
been interested in the phenomenology of iteration, i.e. where one has
f(x) => (x1); f(x1) => f(x2) and in fact f(x(n)) => f(x(n+1)). Clearly 
each of this is a production depending on the series, and f itself can be 
considered a generating function. So this leads to a conception of mathe- 
matics, from a phenomenological viewpoint, as time-dependent, i.e. one 
establishes a series of discrete temporal intervals, t1, t2, t3, etc. and 
at each turn of the "clock" the generating function is activated. Note 
that _nothing_ occurs between such intervals, i.e. t2 - t1 is empty. 

What I failed to notice, blindsighted that I am, and what is pointed out 
in Kocak, Differential and Difference Equations through Computer Experi- 
ments, is that the series f(x(n)), f(x(n+1)), etc. is constituted as a 
series of "equal" intervals as well, a series of differences. The trails 
left in some programs then are trails of equal steps, and out of them 
chaotic behavior is constructed. For example I've been interested in the 
difference equations x1' = x1 - cos(x2) * b, x2' = x2 + sin(x1) * b. The 
results, plotting them in two dimensions, are stunning. 

In any case, thinking of the trails as atemporal tracings constituted by 
equal differences results in the notion of a transcendent structure, back 
to a form of Kantianism I'd suppose, as opposed to considering them as 
patterns of growth, etc. It all depends on the viewpoint. What emerges 
also from the book is - given that it's written in 1988 - little comment 
on chaos or fractal theory, even though examples of the gingerbread and 
henon equations are given. I was surprised to notice that a ball bouncing 
on a periodically vibrating table is subject to strange attractors.

Anyway to summarize this sad tale: I'd always assumed iteration was temp-
orally based and constructed, for no reason at all. It didn't "occur"  to
me that the construction-presentation was a result of computer calcula-
tion, i.e. needing f(x(n)) to produce f(x(n+1)), but that beyond this, 
there is no reason to assume that anything is present other than a fixed 
structure of differences. This relates of course to the cardinal/ordinal 
phenomenology in the philosophy of mathematics.

Enough! Computers have led me astray!

