

-


Dissolving


One reads William J. Mitchell's City of Bits, Space, Place, and the
Infobahn, against Anne Fausto-Sterling's Gender, Race, and Nation, The
Comparative Anatomy of "Hottentot" Women in Europe, 1815-1817, and against
Carol Groneman's Nymphomania: The Historical Construction of Female Sexua-
lity, both in Jennifer Terry's and Jacqueline's Urla's Deviant Bodies; and
against that of the fourteenth century The Voiage and Travayle of Sir John
Maundeville, Knight. All of these present dissolute discursivities: the
inability to classify Sarah Barton on sliding scales of constructed races
and humans; the problematic of nymphomania in the 19th century, and the
fantastic/uncanny reports on races, women, men, through travel narratives
in close-to-medieval Europe, Africa, Asia.* The City of Bits relates the
difficulty of the interpenetration of city and cybersphere through a ser-
ies of binary oppositions that turn out, themselves, to be false, and
dissolute in a somewhat similar manner. Instead, the model, as elsewhere,
is that of local territorializations, temporary circumscriptions, coagu-
lations, membranes. These hold, I believe, within the other domains as
well. What of it? 

Concepts and categories are becoming more fluid; categoricity itself may
fall by the wayside. This is no light matter; the metaphysics of Stefan
Korner become an issue of concepts. The question moves from the concept to
the nature of circumscription. At one point, I defined inscription in
terms of such qualities as maintenance, embodiment, linkage, representa-
tion structure, legitimation structure, impulse, and field of abjection.
Now I put forth the questions again: What is the nature of inscription and
circumscription in cyberspace? What is required in terms of maintenance?
Is there anything other than temporary identities, softwares, communities,
applications? These categories themselves are mixed, and mixed in among
themselves. 

For one effect of City of Bits is a sense of exhaustion, and this not just
the result of something new coming along which will be assimilated in the
future (for one thing, the noise in a contemporary urban center creates
higher levels of stress and anomie, even among those born within it). The 
exhaustion arrives with the constant necessity for reterritorialization, 
for the inhabitation of situations which are always already destabilized.

Some of the pairs in City of Bits are: Work / Net-Work, Department Stores
/ Electronic Shopping Malls, Trading Floors / Electronic Trading Systems,
Banking Chambers / ATMs, Schoolhouses / Virtual Campuses, Bookstores /
Bitstores, Brains / Artificial Intelligence, Muscles / Actuators, Nervous
System / Body Net, Contiguous / Connected, Narrowband / Broadband, Syn-
chronous / Asynchronous, Banishment / Sysop Blacklist, Territory / Topo-
logy, Jurisdictions / Logical Limits, Enclosure / Encryption, and Face-to-
Face / Interface. Almost all the latter terms reference delocalized space
and time, continuously upgraded software, electronic investment, variety
of sites/applications, and increasing computational power. So the _third_
question arises, now, and in the future: In the next millennium, how will
one cope with this global destructuring? Don't forget it will be accom-
panied by increased gaps between haves and have-nots, and so forth; the
resulting global stresses, if nothing else, will be tremendous. 

