

-



States of Affairs


In relation to Heidegger, can one talk about technology as referencing
_the course of things_ (as opposed to an analogy based on cyborg/prosthe-
sis)? The viral aspect of technology, its interpenetration, its doubling
within the real, parallels the simultaneous growth of organic viruses, the
planet heading towards the double cusp of plague and pure virtuality. As
the organic sloughs, decomposes, transforms into the intermittent, so vir-
tuality coheres, composes and constructs, transforms into the redundant. 

Nonetheless this occurs beneath the sign of plasma, lest one forget - that
the planet is in a potential well of momentary relative stability and not-
hing more... 

(I would not place technology within Being or beings; I would place it
within the construct of the _things themselves._ That is, construct is
always already technology. I would not place technology within the pros-
thetic, nor would I insist on a nature/culture dichotomy - not only
wouldn't I know where to draw the line, but the inscription itself onto-
logically wavers.)

See Heidegger's Identity and Difference:

"Let us at long last stop conceiving technology as something purely tech-
nical, that is, in terms of man and his machines. Let us listen to the
claim placed in our age not only upon man, but also upon all beings, na-
ture and history, with regard to their Being. 

"What claim do we have in mind? Our whole human existence everywhere sees
itself challenged - now playfully and now urgently, now breathlessly and
now ponderously - to devote itself to the planning and calculating of
everything. What speaks in this challenge? Does it stem merely from man's
spontaneous whim? Or are we here already concerned with beings themselves,
in such a way that they make a claim on us with respect to their aptness
to be planned and calculated? Is it that Being itself is faced with the
challenge of letting beings appear within the horizon of what is calcula-
ble? Indeed. And not only this. To the same degree that Being is challen-
ged, man too, is challenged, that is, forced to secure all beings that are
his concern as the substance for his planning and calculating; and to
carry this manipulation on past all bounds." (Trans. Stambaugh.)

(But Being is not challenged, neither one nor the other is challenged, or
rather, the Other is always challenged. And I would question whether tech-
nology is in fact manipulation, rather, again, than a state of affairs,
that is, always an interpenetrating circumscription, construct, process of
emergence. In this sense to talk of the prosthetics or uses of technology
is precisely to talk of beings; to talk of technology is to talk of Being.
And is the challenge that of a Being who is challenged, i.e. handicapped
or thwarted precisely to the extent that it is not Being but emergence it-
self? Which hopefully is not to argue for say a Whiteheadian process meta-
physics, but instead to deconstruct metaphysics and categoricity in favor
of emergence, or to comprehend phenomena as emergent, information all the 
way down - although information which may carry scars, wounds, virality, 
death and its simulacra.)


