

-


SEAR: Spew, Erase, Assay, Release


I want to write about the project I have been carrying on, the writing of
a (continuous) text, called for lack of a better term, the Internet Text,
and available at the URL that accompanies my signature almost everywhere
I go/write. I have been wondering whether this meditation, more or less
continuous, produces any effects in cyberspace other than to assuage my
own ego, whether it's not, in fact, a signifier of my own virtuality, my
disappearance behind a certain foreclosure of writing. Certainly as some-
one said to me recently, it forms a punctuation in the midst of posts on
both Cybermind and FOP-L, but the punctuation is intermittent and hardly
creates discussion, nor, do I think, does it direct or intervene discus-
sion. 

Instead, it continues on its own, building on what, for the reader, must
be a fictitious past; no one reads _all_ the posts (and probably few will
read this one as well). Yet without this past, without the return engen-
dered, the text would have to begin all over again with each new instance,
much as if a 19th century serial novel proceeded by creating one first
chapter after another.

The risk, for those who don't go to the Internet Text as a whole (and I
assume no one does for that matter), is that text is out of con-text, 
creating either a sense of obscurity or dullness; what is the point, for
example, of correcting something now at time _y_ that I may have written
at time _x_, if no one else has noticed? What sort of totality am I pla-
cing the texts within, if I alone am aware of this? And such a totality
clearly takes on the character of _psychosis._

The strategy to avoid this is to assume an uncanny or imaginary audience,
one which engages and critiques the text at each and every turn, one that
in fact interpenetrates it. But such a fantasm itself requires a consider-
able effort to maintain as a (circum)scription of the w/hole, an effort
that's not without its own psychological cost. 

The result of this travail is that the text exists within a dreary suspen-
sion. It's awkward, inoperable; it belongs nowhere. It's not publishable
in its entirety (which would run over 1200 pages), nor piecemeal (since
the parts are interrelated), even though a number of articles have been
taken from it, by hands other than my own. It's also not publishable in 
an edited version; I've attempted to reduce it (with help) to a form more
suitable for print, with no success. 

And even the form is continually ruptured, with dialog, script, programs,
poetics, theory of all sorts, narratives as well - so that it becomes, 
not formless, but suspect of form, almost substance-like, a roiling of
philosophical, literary, and psychological issues. Each of the individual
sections, for that _matter,_ is dense in itself; the weight of the pro-
duction appears to increase without bound.

Again - it's not as if any conclusions have been reached. Certain terms
and concepts have been developed - ascii unconscious, defuge, construct,
emission, inscription, representation, etc., and these have been reapplied
into and within the descriptive apparatus. While this constitutes theory
it hardly constitutes an orderly progression; it's both a new and/or dif-
ferent mode of theorizing, and an absurdity, a work gone out of hand, in
fact a form of _spew._

I characterize _spew_ as an emission of the inchoate, a dribbling of coa-
gulations (related to ego-constructs, etc.), abject ecriture of the body,
incoherent maintenance of inscriptions. Spew is also desire thwarted, 
failure of the prosthetic body, detumescence; it is nomadic, not in the
sense of situationism, but in that of concrete poverty, of conclusion, of 
capital even to continue. It is blocked, dammed, gathered; it roils as 
turbulence, as the equations I occasionally describe also roil.

Spew is hardly _there_ for the subject, the reader, as well. As individu-
al texts, it becomes a displaced pebble-architecture, weir-grating. With-
in the contexts of the texts' appearances on "their" email lists, they
are objects for deletion, not catalysts for meditation, debate, reply.
They're too rounded for that, too emptied of entrance, simultaneously 
dammed and damned.

So the writing is void-writing, as in the sense of writing void on a 
check, avoidable writing, writing into the void; likewise it is abyss-
writing, abysmal writing. I would that were it delirious, it would then
bring forth an _act_ of reading, that, if it were the symptom of psycho-
tic production, it would nonetheless bypass the same in favor of the 
other. But none of this seems to be the case, and perhaps the texts need
tendenz towards retirement, towards a closure beyond the Net 1-14, beyond
as well the alphabetic texts, already a through t, midway through u. 

The ritual of self-publication, placing the files one after the other on
the URL, proves unsatisfactory as well; what is the point of this act
carried out every two or three weeks, without end, for over two years to
date? Spew knows no boundaries; there are none from within, and everything
turns cancerous, stillborn. Everything is dead.

Thus a time appears when in fact I have less to say, when already a cer-
tain lid appears in the sky, heavy with viscous fluid, coating, flooding,
the landscape with the transparency of glycerine. My mouth and lungs are
coated with molasses; I choke on unimaginable sweetness, engorging text
and texts, section and sections, paragraph and paragraphs, down to the
poor shapes of the letters themselves. There's no dawn in my world - if 
I've learned anything, it's that. And with this broken communication -
broken among the texts, broken as spew, broken with audience, broken with
publication, broken with form, broken with continuity and content - with
this vomit, disgorging, I can hardly call it a day.

ii

Normally, I would have stopped here. But I think to myself: And what if
this _is_ an end, the spew drying, coagulating as I have said that it 
would? The entire text suddenly becomes irrelevant, as if it were rele-
vant in the first place; it gains a date and a time, gains a location and
a system, an entire taxonomy, of attributes: it's _there,_ as if something
had been said, after all, but something that is now ended, completed, and
finally, furtively, discarded. So it must continue onward, push itself
once more into the light, the latter sections bringing the earlier into
the self-same bandwidth, even plateau, of misplaced temporality. But then,
I continue to myself, it can at the least be slowed in its pace, the vis-
cosity increased, not in order to rethink or reinvent sections, but in
order to devote my time to other projects of writing and thinking. Doesn't
this become absurd, pretentious, a creation of a whole _economy_ of thin-
king, as if the time I have at my disposal is not only limited but meas-
ured? Still, since it seems both necessary to disinvest, release, and
at the same time, tether the work to the present; since it's part of my
own psychosis to continue speech yet not in speech's absence; since I
insist on a certain defeat of order paramount on the construct of my or-
dure - since all of this together and separate, since thought is already
in the process of dissolving the image of the body, I continue through
transparency, posting on occasion of posting, something on the order of
_touching reminders,_ engagements now and then, as if I were to be mar-
ried on the _morrow._

(It's all "as if," "still," "yet," "nonetheless," it's all me me me. Yet
there's _no face to it,_ as if there ever were. A text in subjunctive 
form.)

