
Inverse Dynamics Processing

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2053.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/morphism0.mp3 giraffe banjo
http://www.alansondheim.org/morphism1.mp3 cifteli
http://www.alansondheim.org/morphism2.mp3 giraffe banjo
http://www.alansondheim.org/morphism3.mp3 echo harmonica

instruments:
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2009.jpg cifteli
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2010.jpg giraffe banjo

The process is irreversible, the morphisms non-abelian,
although t -> -t -> t is reversible.

The process also depends on hard-limiting, which transforms
the input structure; the operation is two-staged:

Think of the operations as a fundamental inversion of amplitude, 
a form of energy conversion, f(x) -> 1/x for example, x ranging 
between, say, (0,2). The practical result is the audibility of 
the surrounding environment and the player's body and play 
processes; the normative instrumental sound is backgrounded 
(what is taken as acceptable sound, as music, for example).

(It feels like a form of channeling, an introjection of alien 
material in relation to a trialog among body, electronics, 
acoustic instruments. Or a projection of such sound. Or sound 
speaking through loud speakers. Or speakers channeling 
amplitude. Or speakers channeled. Or inversions of any of 
these.)



not existence now

not paris texas not red desert

http://www.alansondheim.org/feedlot.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/paristexas.mp4

existence not existence
not existence not existence
not anywhere
not so a position on a manifold
not so a flow or dynamics on a manifold
not dead flesh not not dead flesh
not one that one would notice
not the color of maw color of slay
not our land never our land not anywhere our land
not this moment of land
not now
not existence now

1 desert red not texas paris Coyote came home to Trout He might 
fall into the ice went along killed much game The manitous back 
and Skunk Panther pretended be dead Partridge there saw a town 
was told Come you shall eat blood Wuu are manitou, mosquitoes A 
chief gave his commands, Who sun following morning up tree fell 
on Ravens daughter tail had four strips, Then one left Out water 
people down then he shot him stretched hand out manitou passed 
by Frog going always hunting found wife Beaver made holes in all 
directions bit off bows dragged them Shoot at grass figure girls 
get fuel anywhere Raven said Now they die twice manifold 
position so dynamics or flow jumped flesh notice would that Even 
shade burned slay of color maw land our never In middle world we 
meet moment this now 1



Parasite

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2320.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/juno.mp3 flute revrev invdyn
*/i love this music by the way, what parapara parasites!/*

contagion of processing, inverted dynamics, striations,
improvisations

Nikuko's favorite parapara: the inscription. the parapara has 
everything to gain; as such it is also the nexus; in the absence 
of the parapara, all that's left is the the parapara interferes 
with everything; interferes with and constructs any paraparas, 
oozing suppurations. There's none of the truth of the "in the 
quest for perfection of the parapara you through around the cant 
word 'parapara,' nothing changes; if anything, the whirl - the 
parapara - among modulus parapara among wonder. remains of me, 
my parapara, a parapara of alterity, dreams of catalytic 
parapara. The exchange from interior to interior that occurs - I 
am waiting to die! I am your parapara! I am invisible and 
useless! I am organicity, the cooperation of paraparas, 
mitochondria, various unwanted entities. Plans are parapara 
gnaws modulus borromean gnot. parapara is my body gnawing 
modulus construction. parapara wonder-certain-site. is in my 
semen death separates modulus death parapara, a parapara of 
alterity, dreams of others, incandescent. parapara, among 
modulus parapara among wonder. among nothing i am way to 
parapara=invasion does the diagram bring the paraparas, pass 
among paraparas paraparas, poisons, life parallel to illness or 
death or paraparas, sun planets lives, whom speaking, mind 
without service god, scrapes language by the intervention of the 
parapara" in which a _parapara_ modifies the T-model; my death 
separates modulus death parapara-disturbances - noise, chaotic 
noise, paraparas, viruses, Trojan horses, Code or annihilation 
of code, presence or absence, interrupting parapara interference 
implies strictures and parapara; think of michel inverted 
dynamics foregrounds background/body sounds, parapara Males were 
paraparas one way or another in this business. 0-resonance | 
boundary delineation | protocol-parapara | kings signs. sign 
omens, omen harbinger, O asphalt of moon of earth of earth of 
parapara=invasion of the of nothing am nawing the gnot, parapara 
is my body gnawing modulus construction. divided in conflict 
between "paraparas, victims, and parapara-fighters." insides 
out, paraparas, dead men walking - it is here, {x} <> |P| <> 
{~x}, that the parapara is manifest - the noise Invisible Being: 
"You're my parapara, that's true. I'll push out and pull girl! 
Everyone knows I am a parapara. borromean separated nightmares, 
of the flesh, stench, silence, noise, parapara, i am parapara 
way to death modulus way to death. i am such that the parapara 
has falln, nib in hand. "it enters into your holes, eats 
asundered by parapara wonder-certain-site. thing else, carrier 
or parapara." it all disappears shortly after death. i among 
modulus parapara among wonder. along with it. Or rather, the 
parapara move the thing and thereby creates in parapara of my 
body. "you're my parapara, that's true." i'll Annoyance corrupts 
routine; it is parapara gnawing away at the kappa with 
ideohydraulesis! the semen year subject to paraparas in the 
city, vandals, feral and not-so-feral, like a sort of parapara, 
either in the form of an unresolvable motor considered channel. 
T-model parapara as imaginary; action, that soul parapara = 
absent soul that in dog in the glitch-parapara drives creation 
annihilation content. epistemologically, the parapara may be 
other than the death gnaws parapara death gnaws borromean not. 
death separates modulus death parapara. in the eddies lapping 
gold azure. where my legs join my legs. paraparas to the prions 
and viruses, the phages and the bacteria, the paraparas, 
leftover, including traps, paraparas, poisons, traffic, cats, 
illnesses, modulus rules parapara rules borromean death. 
grove-grovel paraparas on dirtied organism, infects dirtied 
organism, flow and flux of paraparas they tackle my paraparas 
and defeat me. my defeat strengthens me. body. Does wonder 
replace parapara? Does parapara sight?

Nikuko: "I am a parapara. I am neither a girl nor a boy! I look 
like one."

Nikuko: "You know this because I never lie! I'm a parapara!"



Kentucky some

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2375.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/kentucky0.mp3 (first state)
http://www.alansondheim.org/kentucky1.mp3 (different state)

giraffe banjo dynamics/striations that lonesome sound

reading Ballad Makin' in the Mountains of Kentucky, Jean Thomas 
who was from there and recorded and died at one hundred, could 
something be lost in the dynamics as global modeling reflects 
categories and totalities lost in the chaotic domain, that high 
lonesome sound, that cry and uncanny echo from the depths of the 
woods - now how is that done by the trunk and the bark of the 
trunk, always the gesture _yonder,_ another moment, imminent, 
immanent, emanant, another spectral spectrum

lonesome
(and) empty (lonesome)
From that day forward, we sailed within these worlds, and our 
lonesome sea
(lonesome)
lonesome

lonesome forest modestly ancestral nce live silence reticence 
lonely meditatively calm lonesome seek texts you can meander the 
highways and the high lonesome places my guitar and shakuhachi 
will miss me and my long lonesome sound he said. He had that 
deeper sound, not that high lonesome sound, but that lonesome 
sound but that edgy sound at the lip of a cave or abandoned 
shack lonesome (and) emp a h ( bank (marsh) (you will be) for e 
( icence (loosen, break up) anxie y (lonesome)  seek ( y 
(choice)  separa y he) ancien y (lonesome)  seek ( s)  
lesiurely (loosen, break up) anxie oldermple(lonesome) 
An(forsearchrch breakkup) texts breakup)(loosen,k calm lonesome, 
calm after the hunt but then it turns a cave or abandoned shack 
somewhere in the lonesome sound but that edgy the good-time boys 
hear that lonesome whistle blow than will miss lonesome work, 
now work dancing enough sex said lonesome or lonesome sex said 
lonesome

said that lonesome sound
said that lonesome
that lonesome sound



making story

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1688.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/makingstory.mp4

half the women went in that direction. half the women went in 
that direction.

i am holding it. have several knives. no coat on. put him to 
sleep. sleep all the time. on. throw a stone at him. rubbed 
with my foot. in nine places. hit cow so she would go away. got 
up before sunrise. already walking. about now going die. kill 
them right now. not killing it is hot. neither of us won either 
side. what do you call this stone, "stone" called? fall 
constantly. come pretty near falling. fall. tomorrow shall fell 
into water and star there are lots stars falling mocked quail. 
sun dead. looked watch. his thigh. her backside how many nights 
ago. was tonight. did he shoot with? kind color? person came? 
don't know doing. want some water? will be severed? why didn't 
him? "the buffalo hooked threw me I way over where dog standing. 
then came they were singing. tired. saw people make out mud. 
just then. lived there. wrote times there." marry man. woman. 
mouth. sing. get enough eat. finish stood pencil end. erected 
pole. lift lifted coughed up. getting burnt house down. afraid 
return. burn lying floor. rock bottom water. lost red horse. 
pray. swing. swing high. half men went that direction. open 
still alive. man strong. wood hard. stones hard times. thrown 
away thing. ruled. kingdom. stone. stuck. finger sew shirt. 
shirt has hole center. river. turn back. see woman die next 
summer. bring sun. happen. women.

then:

i am holding it. i have several knives. i have no coat on. i put 
him to sleep. i put him to sleep all the time. i have no coat 
on. i throw a stone at him. i rubbed him with my foot. in nine 
places. i hit the cow so she would go away. i got up before 
sunrise. i am already walking. i am about to put him to sleep. 
now i am going to die. i am going to kill them right now. i am 
not killing them now. it is already hot. neither of us won on 
either side. what do you call this stone, what is "stone" 
called?

i fall constantly. i come pretty near to falling. i am about to 
fall. tomorrow i shall fall. i fell into the water and a star 
fell and there are lots of stars falling and i mocked the quail. 
the sun is dead. i looked at a watch. i looked at his thigh. i 
looked at her thigh. i looked at the backside of the thigh. i 
looked at the backside of his thigh. i looked at the backside of 
her thigh. how many nights ago. it was tonight.

what did he shoot with? what kind of color? what kind of person 
came? i don't know what he is doing. now i don't know what he is 
doing. do you want some water? it will not be severed? why 
didn't you kill him? why did you kill him? "the buffalo hooked 
and threw me and I fell way over where the dog was standing. 
then I came to where they were singing. then I was tired. then I 
saw the people make the dog out of mud. then I came just then. I 
lived there. I wrote many times there."

i marry a man. i marry a woman. i have it in my mouth. i did not 
sing. i shall not get enough to eat. i did not finish it. i 
stood the pencil on end. i erected the pole. i did not lift it. 
i lifted it. i coughed it up.

i stood up. i am getting up all the time. i burnt the house 
down. i am afraid to return. i did not burn the house down. i am 
lying on the floor. there is a rock at the bottom of the water. 
i am lost in the red horse. don't pray. i am going to swing. i 
am going to swing high.

half the men went in that direction. half the men went in that 
direction.

i shall open my mouth. i am still alive. the man is strong. the 
wood is hard. the stones are hard. the people are going to have 
hard times. i saw the thrown away thing.

i ruled. i saw the kingdom. i shall throw the stone. i am stuck. 
my finger is stuck. i am about to be stuck. i return. i am going 
to sew my shirt. my shirt has a hole in it. my shirt has a hole 
in the center. i go to the river. i turn back. i see a woman and 
turn back. the sun is dead. the sun will die next summer. i will 
bring the sun. i will bring a stone. it will happen.

half the women went in that direction. half the women went in 
that direction.

-


then making story

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2571.jpg

down, beneath

I am lying on the floor, in the ground, underground, where the 
animal lives, I am going to lie down on the floor.

Where the red horse lives, that is where I am going to lie down. 
In the red horse, in the belly of the red horse. It might as 
well be in the moon. It might as well be in the well.

the existence

I'm the one, it's me, I am born. We're the one. But the red 
horse, it's yours, or is it mine. It's not a house. But I have 
no house. I have a red horse. I don't want anything else. 
There's nothing to eat, there's nothing here to eat at all.

then

Then the red horse was away for a long time and just recently 
she came back, just recently. And I was born. And she gave birth 
to me. And I was born and there was nothing to eat.

They say I was born in Oklahoma. I was born in Oklahoma. They 
say that.


sullen, still faster

still faster sullen

nothing here indicates interactivity or blockchains, no 
augmented images, instead an imaginary which rides obdurate and 
abject, a surface we have all seen before throwing us into the 
world we have been thrown into,

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2570.jpg ,
http://www.alansondheim.org/stillfaster.mp4 ,

_those_ branches and leaves, irretrievable in space, _those_ 
intervals irretrievable in time, we're constant up against the 
blunt of stoppage time, as if there were reprieve, all of us 
live in alterity, this is fundamental, this misrecognition among 
and through the familiar which appears almost dismissable, the 
everyday always within and without, the virus of the everyday, 
the faster and still faster an illusion, the still slower leaked 
into the muted terror of decay, everything underlies everything, 
everything without grace, everything grayed out, no monstrous 
effects can change this sputtering of bodies, this _this_ that 
asserts itself among spectators of motion artificially 
compressed and entangled, call this the _hurtle_ of the world, 
seize nothing, die, already dead,

and so forth and so forth, the word that comes to is _sullen,_ 
on this grey Nebraska day, but that's no excuse for bad video, 
for useless repetition, for schoolboy or schoolgirl pranks,

i am warding off a return of any sort,

I was picked up. I ascended. He was picked off. He is picked out 
and descended. She was picked up and she ascends. She will 
ascend. She will run fast. She will not catch her. She will run 
faster than she will run. I descended. I am "this schoolyard 
prank."





on the road again
i've been on the road
god's on the road again

http://www.alansondheim.org/ontheroad0.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/ontheroad.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/ontheroad.jpg

nikuko says: i'm on the road, i'm traveling in a strange land.
nikuko says: hello alan, i'm on the road, i can't see anything 
any more.

The United States. We're on the road. We're falling. :we're on 
the road, it's deep-eco spring-and-summer season, passed. The 
apt word makes one famous, i.e. on the road to fame. I'm going 
home, I'm on the road, on the plane or boat or train. She's 
_going_ home, she's on the road, on the plane or boat or train. 
An animal dies on the road, chance are a family's destroyed, or 
water, a body more than halfway on the road to death.

Towards Sata. It's not surprising that I met myself on the road, 
Nikuko Outskirts of Miyazaki. Down from Kamogami, Death met 
Nikuko on the road.

i'm on the road - i'm invisible here - have to stop to enter the 
wires - mind - :back on the road towards death again - boat 
truck with boat - dying on the road towards death - i'm dying 
invisible here - have to stop i'm dying on the road towards 
death - i'm dying invisible here - least for the second they 
appear before your eyes, on the road quick thell and back. There 
are bodies on the road, on the road of total dissolution, along 
which a stream wandering.

Daishin Nikuko meets the Buddha on the road. The Buddha says, 
kill me. Meet her later on the road and kill her. You're nature, 
I'm culture, she says.

On the road where meditation occurs. Everything proceeds from 
nothing. Kill it, it is not quite human.
Jenny and I do go on the road. Jenny logs the road.
Did you ever wake up on the road, and think.

on the road again
i've been on the road
god's on the road again

When the body encounters the sign on the road, there must be 
space.



Species

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2656.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/cicada.mp4



flutework at floodwall

http://www.alansondheim.org/flutework.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/flutework.mp4

freight train, stone bridge, flute, floodwall piece
shot at the base of the floodwall piece

more information and floodwall forthcoming

"The Stone Bridge, located on the edge of Johnstowns downtown, 
is an arched bridge built by the Pennsylvania Railroad in 1887. 
On May 31, 1889, its seven arches blocked tons of debris, 
including miles of barbed wire twisted through it from the 
destruction of a plant; all were carried by the waters of the 
Johnstown Flood, but the bridge withstood its force. An enormous 
fire broke out in the debris at the bridge, killing scores of 
people trapped within it, and burning for three days."

the floodwall project is located at the bridge

*/we're returning tomorrow to rhode island/*



the trip video complete

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip3464.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/tripsofar.mp4 (completed)

"upon me, your seven women of technical prowess, your triple 
double-you, photos from our trip number eight hollow road on our 
trip across the country, you may have fun following us - is true 
for your trip is mine upon me, your seven men of technical 
prowess, your triple double-you, our trip so far upon me, your 
seven women of technical prowess, your triple double-you"

- that text going nowhere, the trip finally over, or rather a 
slide perhaps into another leaving, another flight, roughly 
16320 km, the video from stills at 10 fps, everywhere, among 
friends, relatives, drives, performances, hikes, talks, 
discussions, demonstrations, throughout ten weeks on the move or 
or stasis-static, or on the run, or among british columbia and 
any number of states in the u.s.a. or what passes for the 
u.s.a., the floodwall coming soon, the punctuation of may 31, 
1889 just around the corner, and thanks to everyone who 
contributed to the video, i look out the window and see thunder, 
i listen and hear lightning -

gamespace / edgespace / blankspace, projection and phenomenology 
among immersive / definable orders, structured entanglements 
among objects, arrows, morphisms, dreams of lethargy now, 
lethargic dreams, untangling the dynamics the rest of my 
untethered life, collapse all poetics, increase rigor, but after 
the video above, and before armageddon



Penguin

http://www.alansondheim.org/penguin.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/penguin.mp4

With Maria Damon!!! and Alan Sondheim!!!

Please share!!! More (or less!!!) soon!!!




floodwall


http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip3165.jpg 
(floodwall still)
http://www.alansondheim.org/floodwall.mp4 
(floodwall video)
http://www.alansondheim.org/floodwallsp.mp4 
(floodwall video x10 speed)


Description of the piece; Background;
Commentary - The light display; Culled debris text --


Description of the piece:

The light display uses 'modern' Morse to code three tiers of 
distress calls: SOS, QRRR, and MAYDAY. These flash slowly, at a 
close to unreadable pace, playing off of timing and memory among 
the tiers. Morse is already close to obsolete, and I don't think 
anyone is using QRRR (part of the Q-code repertoire) today.

After the calls, there is a slow light 'wash' over the bridge, 
as if flames were rising (this was suggested by Shelley 
Johansson); this represents the between 30 and 60 acres of 
debris that slammed and burned against the structure on that 
fateful day in May. (Estimates vary as to the number burned 
alive, but a rough figure of 80 is likely. See David McCullough, 
The Johnstown Flood, Simon and Schuster, 1968.)

Then the cycle repeats. There are black intervals between 
segments and code events. There are trains running across the 
bridge. The display is on one side only, the side that retained 
the debris (the other side is in darkness).

Background:

"The Johnstown Flood (locally, the Great Flood of 1889) occurred 
on May 31, 1889, after the catastrophic failure of the South 
Fork Dam on the Little Conemaugh River 14 miles (23 km) upstream 
of the town of Johnstown, Pennsylvania. The dam broke after 
several days of extremely heavy rainfall, unleashing 20 million 
tons of water (18 million cubic meters) from the reservoir known 
as Lake Conemaugh. With a volumetric flow rate that temporarily 
equaled that of the Mississippi River,[2] the flood killed 
2,209 people[3] and caused US$17 million of damage (about $450 
million in 2015 dollars)." (Wikipedia)

I was given the opportunity to create a light-show program for 
the Stone Bridge: "The Stone Bridge spans the Conemaugh River in 
Johnstown, Pennsylvania. The bridge is a seven-arch stone 
railroad bridge located on the Norfolk Southern Railway 
mainline, built by the Pennsylvania Railroad in 1887-88. Its 
upstream face was reinforced with concrete in 1929.[1] This 
bridge survived the Johnstown Flood of 1889, but the bridge 
blocked debris, which subsequently caught fire and created an 
inferno covering 30 acres (120,000 m2). The bridge is visible 
from Point Park in downtown Johnstown." (ibid.)

And: "A bridge restoration project was developed by community 
leaders, to include cleaning and physical and aesthetic 
improvements, resurfacing of the south side, and new lighting 
with energy-efficient LED lighting adjustable to different 
colors and intensities. Estimated to cost $1.2 million, the 
project was initiated in 2008 as part of flood commemorative 
activities." (ibid.)

Michael Brosig, co-chair of the Stone Bridge Committee, said,

"The significance of the Stone Bridge is that it stood its 
ground against the flood waters and altered the future of 
Johnstown completely and forever. It created the backdrop for 
the event that put Johnstown on the map. Restoring the South 
facade of that structure and casting LED lighting on it will 
certainly showcase the triumph of the human spirit in a 
spectacular style for all to see, enjoy and be proud of their 
heritage. Based on its strategic location, it is the lynchpin of 
the historic district of our city." (ibid.)

Commentary - The light display:

The light display parallels miscommunication, warnings too late, 
muck, murk, the bridge as signifier and vector, the intensity of 
the mess at the base of the structure (which increasingly rose 
into the air), the indescribable chaos, the negligence, the 
violence of the water, the fury of the storm and conflagration, 
animals and people caught unawares, the subsequent pawning off 
of responsibility by the South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club, 
the mudflats, the dynamiting of the debris pile, the spread of 
typhoid, the screams of those burning alive in the pile, Clara 
Barton and the Red Cross, the accounting of The Reverend David 
J. Beale, the tree through the house, the leveling of Woodvale, 
the yellow press, the eyewitness accounts, the emendations, the 
mythos, the symbols, the descent into print, the ascent into 
action, the muscle, the care; the light display parallels all 
and none of this, the entanglements of an event occurring over a 
century and a quarter ago -

Coded by Shelley Johansson, with documentation by Jeremy Justus, 
Marissa Landrigan Justus, Azure Carter, and myself

Thanks to 
Shelley Johannson, Jeremy Justus, Marissa Landrigan Justus, 
and Azure Carter

Culled debris text:

detritus_excretions_sloughings_tears_floods_spews_mercuries_ 
_flooding_what_does_it_mean,_this_grey_ body...:wonder 
flood-flog flooded. again. personal_ws english gertrud in the 
sandgranularity of phallocentrism you say, "& soon those 
memories flooding, that inert event, signs, costs, water 
overruns, cracks cracks. floods, tree, 'out side,' broken, who 
wouldn't. fires with which other remains or a lapse into 
(floods, hurricanes, tornados, droughts, etc.) night all lips 
engorged leg-hinges flooded dark waves people died susquehanna's 
held back by dikes floods anyway coffins they floated down 
river/ our house as fog, ... fog calls forth avatar, hungered, 
making things. /*...acters*/ /*may*/ /*be displayed*/ 
/*incorrec*/ /*you*/ /*flood*/ /*apocalypse.*/ /*me...'t*/ 
/*bother*/ /*a.*/ my window /s can't stop flood, flow sorry for 
looking blood toor ted a instead metaphor, literal prior, came, 
still has it's gone through two one together; from hurricane 
agnes devasted parents' home 1972, collections, now swallowed 
basement large susquehanna rose 42.66 feet, stage, upper 
supplemental held. $thing cal @sways @de "waste" @s transforms 
have fly _nikuko internally coherent. an emission is sourceless, 
net flood; spew towns where inhalation-exhalation perfection 
begins and ends, out. thinking skin. holding absorbed debris, 
war-battered enclave. gaza floods: un declares state chicken 
hawk put up tail" tail four strips, then there write about him 
such good style! style ground am am! does! wet straight very 
happy angry jove hurls h groan'd benea fire, when s he ah, 
zarathustra, words, what "they"? "are"? tears) (and world 
tears). goal: to disappear inside truth said it before, flooded, 
drowning, i was attacked photographing evidence, devastated 
exiting, i've written about; external literally flood. kristeva, 
draw peta, save manatee, environmental organizations. valley; 
despair irony, nikuko-oozing, noh medieval theater; pretend 
alan_s this secret. not even valleys great storms would make 
once; storm becomes slow emission, widening interior, teeth. are 
injured reality things!!!" prospect park paths driveways 
overflowing split flood-flooding wiped v roots school, debris, 
disease. bcc called _book_ it. seagulls come clutter 
a-historicity etc.), neutrality. spillways occupy fields, 
discursive marrow tomorrow! standby:the grit gorges, control, 
formal fire, debris, oozed around marks, _things_ at, food its 
awake we'll mirror, thin, nails back. long, parallel, slew names 
everywhere mudra-shifting, shaped, visible. space pulses, plain. 
we inhabit it, haunt dwell there. words eaten giving gagged 
iridescent wings. wet-world runtime beetles flesh. rides, rides 
wet, high. nimbus shallow voices, probes. t participation, 
bodies _flood_ calling glacial sea-change terminal, loading 
transparency, providence flooded; lost terminal. horizon; sheet 
closes world; abject symbols. piepel? thrusting offer-proffer 
you, circum-stantiation, circumlocution abyss: defuge/flooding, 
gathering accumulations, momentarily within them stuttering 
<everything acid>flooding impossibility where</everything 
acid>in across semantic plateaus participants' time well, "all 
adjacent mines uncanny afterimage affect flows floods. strip 
after days heavy rains air, radio pulsing bodies, her voice 
termites, air-conditioner, ripped-up flooring, ceiling... first. 
said. alive. look chatrooms, shooting. threw question encoding, 
decoding; contradicted presence language another almost got 
caught flash death valley. myself already verge. pool; tragedy 
flaw usually fuge upgrade among numbers numbers, fissures, 
abjection identities liquid midnight, sound wood stork scabs 
bites; cuts; nail parings subjectivity, consciousness 
communication. travis loop chunnel dangers flooding. observed 
act more liquids; skeins flood-plains > < woe desiccation 
starvation;  rivers stories over century. world's record-setting 
droughts enormous tornado information floodwall forthcoming 
mississippi generally leads me @abort before get room, 
ordinarily separates interior flotsam jetsam, debris sea selves: 
who's speaking, manic tongue many times water shooting-space :: 
violent milking millions killed. living bad areas against meadow 
moraine! civilization thine arms legs, else {sleep(1); print 
"\nfirst flooding\n";:if ($sign=fork) {print ourselves another** 
negation shadowing eyes, ** news, antenna just "in case" names, 
stuff; sound; apparent flood-reader simultneous texts, results 
the lid of the grey sky, appearing sky, viscous fluid, coating, 
flow, flux, flight, empty gone, gone



timemission

timemission in the West, uncanny shudder of the landscape of 
the West, temporal shudder, epistemology of the observer, 
temporal emission, epistemological spew, the very _breathing_ 
of the landscape of the West, the inert beauty of the West,
the long take of the West, the longer take of the Western
landscape, authentic dream of timelessness, the inhaling of
the stillness of the Western landscape, the vector, the
land, murmur... an emission, a spew... a sign... something...

http://www.alansondheim.org/timemit.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/timemit.mp4

murmur... an a spew... sign... something...

something...

packets, and so forth) results emission or spew. A spew 
develops, rather, integration this act articulation, is 
emission. The datum wobbles uneasily between spew; its end 
cluttering; always clutter, exhausted.  Emissions spews are 
sources reading; Data as articulated into praxis, becomes 
clutter. imaginary fissures, locus emissions spews. appear to 
concepts, such _rewrite, protocol, ghost, address, ten, 
spew...the cloaca cyberspace...stuttering spewing, abjection. 
hole cave - i'll semiotics replace signifiers transform vector 
flow turbulence neural spill mental activity, electrical, image 
storm, continuous splay, violence, virtual psychology, one 
flows/flux/spew/emission well (my notion decay pyou decyourself 
emissions, spews, absented languages, starting think about 
writing. Is there meditation here, that sourceless except for 
combustion engine. I speak which bodies, true world scatterings, 
radiations. And Genesis, (spew, inscription) have subject, 
grain, murmur, exhausiton, obdurate, uncanny, recognition, 
imaginary, web inversion, violation (For reason, we tend 
symbolic _emissions_ _spews,_ _spew_ _emission_ theory. nary 
tracts across uninhibited absen- If simulacra represent 
imaginaries symbolic, sprays signifiers, burying both them much 
dissipation materials after chemical nuclear mouths, openings, 
speakings, murmurs, vectors, not map when chaos by noise, 
substance, flows, flooding clutter part-objects exist from 
theater...that it thea- flesh, only 'defuge' split, splayed 
modification, universe fundamental consequence; Ground zero 
ground debris, hurricane, 5 6 turbulent latter inherently 
vectorless analog, violence fucking corrosion, residue, 
dissolution, dissemination, has wider origin than implies some 
sort God implies, what? psycho-physical processes, thick 
Dissipation sense grit hatred human bodies vile i'm thinking 
broader metapsychology, (in spite of) corners We will consider 
aftermath, destina- among all this, Nikuko flies, swoops, vents 
smokers, form, convolution languaging inscribing trauma 
inconceivable but i can't feel it. Where there's /\ spray spawn 
slough swamp cleansed hairless presses breakage irruption 
ciation Radiations way that's almost Radiations. cepts, inscri- 
barbarous; terms, spewed slip against same. This volume. these 
develop analysis based vectors destination; order pornography, 
emanation Heidegger's got shape.) shakes. brief irreversible 
cellular violent, full sulphur Nightclub Your media, topologies 
topographies cloned grotesques. tearing ------>ed, ------> 
everything. inscription,_ end-point thickness 'the characterize 
inchoate, dribbling temporary articulation same, wobble,
repeatedly, over, one or another spew, emission. just the 
murmur... an emission, a spew... a sign... something otherwise, 
with emissions or spews. the exhibition is just the murmur... an 
emission, a spew... a sign... something


At the Gerald Ford Memorial, Omaha, Nebraska

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2255.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/geraldford.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2251.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2254.jpg

With Lee Murray, Barbara Simcoe, Alan Sondheim, 
Azure Carter, and the voice of Gerald Ford



the swaddling 

http://www.alansondheim.org/swaddling.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/youngirl.jpg

they're swaddled in the middle of the bridge, they're a riddle 
to all, they're a riddle to themselves

a kimono-swaddling sheet, like shroud entwining the two of us 
together. chastened swaddling withheld categories ascribed to 
young girls whose excess 'corrupted' sex death, boys' fate, 
girl, looked up, treasured moments, girl or boy _(crash drugs)_ 
- out the window. It was snowing; Centigrade had not been 
engaging or frank crisp immaculate in appearance, crisp and 
social, dreaming-at-a-loss, dreamings her nice reading scroll, 
he was going to carry it on his head, he was sitting on a rock, 
he's on top of his belly, he's living in the middle of the road.

he's living in the middle of the road, he has a hammer and a 
stone, he's halfway to the left side of the road, he's halfway 
to the right side of the road

dreamins his nice feeding scrolling to another; i think there 
were also present, lads and lasses, promptly, who know who was 
related to whom, swaddled among many of us? my sister asked them 
to be quiet. then turned within him man desire his Service. and 
of infants say little, eunuchs almost as on first date. too all 
they've learned live this world's air they're never girls' light 
boys' light found with tears, Patroclus, girl? boy? girls? boys?  
victory is hard upon playing field because you can't teach boys 
or anyone for that matter new tricks

she's on the surface, she's on the top of the surface, she's on 
the boundary, she's on the surface of the boundary, she's 
floating on top of the water, she's floating on a log, she's 
halfway near the bottom, she's halfway near the sky, she's 
beneath the surface of the sky, the log, bracelet, tresses


the dead the

the unmarked graves at Johnstown, bodies from the May 31, 1889 
disaster, Grandview Cemetery, 777 headstones

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip3066.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/deadthe.mp4

from the bridge, among the bridge, between the spans of the 
bridge, beneath the bridge, below the bridge, within the bridge, 
upon the bridge, within the bridge, before the bridge,

beyond the bridge

my cells are dead there or something I wonder about the report -
certainly 
into my dearest dead, 
thus dead they eate theyre flesh for venison.
a woman is dead thereunto
man is dead thereunto

and the imaginary, a signifier, so a signifier of dead theory. 
Well, 
theory on



difficult music / banjo / giraffe banjo(ette)*

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip3196.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/skitrag2.mp3 *
http://www.alansondheim.org/skitrag1.mp3 *

similar modalities, somewhat different techniques
but emotional!* the waters run orange, green,
mine-wash, chemical effluvia, pollutions, contagions,
outside, beyond the hills' rough spew*

* really emotional! tragic and joyous "simultaneously"
(at the same time).

* worse than we've seen in West Virginia

* Sterling 1888 banjo, open-back, nylgut strings

* giraffe banjo or banjorette, 1870s?

* practiced after return from the trip, condensed
modalities, quick-change fingerings, short-attention
span* entangled structures, techniques

* facebook strictures and structures, generation from
the bottom up _as if_ corporate strangulation* were
not in evidence

* as if there were a true liberty and hegemony of the
user*

* as if there were "as if"

* name still uncertain



music theory: the ineffable morphic plane

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1300.jpg

now now this.  & & pts/1 w the what? k12% k12% cd sondheim 
sondheim | grep grep | pool-96-253-57-46.prvdri.f 4:29PM 
sondheim pts/1 pts/1 pts/1 A grep sondheim 0 0 0 you're great at 
sondheim A great 0 my has deal of my of centered centered my 
music has has - reverberation deal around reverse reverse great 
time Threnody. in real real reverberation think there's time I I 
I Threnody. example - an an an as I've would on Threnody. I've 
an ing with been develop ing develop this, this, ing practice 
with practice revrev the develop and with with on of (you 
general idea idea the that real of - - - is revrev revrev time 
time time fundamental (you I is impossible (you time shorter 
'almost' can reverse shorter reverse 'almost' 'almost' shorter 
shorter segments shorter time they reverse as if if real time on 
were real real they you're dealing time but but but fundamental 
with backwards, dealing dealing dealing positron of can 
fundamental limits of really on is spacetime; only on only is is 
on quantum level quantum a (i.e. on reversibility possible 
possible time a and thinking of of (i.e. an moving a as as as 
backwards temporally as moving moving moving In Feynmann level 
backwards in Feynmann electron retrocausality up diagrams - 
retrocausality diagrams that's that's retrocausality Wikipedia), 
and Wikipedia), any grabs. retrocausality up for for quantum 
case, want In any any grabs. interested processes case, been 
been I've operate that been processes processes processes And 
this for operate with this interested dynamics, meet. kind of 
dynamics, kind philosophy philosophy dynamics, physics/acoustics 
and physics/acoustics to I where meet. And And is to output want 
to to I using instruments, release cd, cd, a this where cd, 
instruments, instruments, instruments, dynamics paramount. I 
this is is cd, involves (I'm Another example involves Another 
dynamics processing involves use of use Audition), using the 
processing (I'm (I'm Audition), the Adobe Audition), Audition), 
(I'm louder is, in the the which softer softer the is, is, is, 
I've output Audition), softer the the which the in - reversing 
the - been doing the dynamics. I've dynamics. post-processing, 
in usual doing this this 1/F; but post-processing, but but this 
it's do with amplifiers, amplifiers, voltage-controlled as as 
amplifiers, to to to is in with as analog analog with The 
shakuhachi real time. The real fascinating if The is fascinating 
is shakuhachi playing result if I'm I'm there or physics/ 
acoustics shakuhachi or or I'm the breathing, guqin example, 
example, for of of example, of of of come body, for of the the 
or slip, musical of string slip, of to foreground slip, come to 
come traditional the come foreground and and contradictions 
musical analog traditional musical musical foreground body 
fundamental 'content' The The recedes. fundamental source The a 
a a it sound, recedes. of of of and if contradictions almost as 
if almost playing Again it were playing were a are were Again 
there there become of the a lot lot Again since for of here; 
here; contradictions sinewave, for here; slow slow slow it 
varies here; example, example, example, playing it ranges in 
amplitude, it in or increasingly might disappear or disappear 
depending itself, disappear increasingly dominant dominant in 
the since depending on on increasingly ranges dynamics the 
(frequency (frequency settings the dynamics ranges for for for 
in I'm (frequency processing. processing. processing. varies in 
can also interested in I'm so for reversing pitch, so pitch, 
frequency a pitch, for example, example, be is dynamics 
frequency F F that, 1/F; F is into into transformed of F 1/F; 
basis basis basis that be 1/F; can can can itself, that All set 
so that be as is the range as range inverted. inverted. range 
whole is is dynamics see be You can can as is dynamics how this 
this how same as is the the the two processing; is dynamics 
dynamics dynamics since are etc.), the two are processing; All 
connects deeply related. All related. to to related. this 
connects connects of in two my interest interest related. of 
philosophy the foundations foundations the of mathematics, of 
philosophy philosophy philosophy Most philosophy mathematics, 
and and and sound morphisms itself. Most sound philosophy are as 
transformations are if if are transformation, as as (larger 
acoustic sound the physical physical transform itself or 
environment were were environment or smaller itself (larger 
(larger (larger as etc.), changing room, room, room, (Godel's if 
of or as if room, changing or parameters were changing were 
lowering lowering changing (raising or or this There parameters 
pitch, etc.). etc.). if but in are exceptions, exceptions, There 
done, for but is is is in most this the the the you terms and 
part, in terms the or I'm of musical or musical interested 
interested or aesthetics. I'm aesthetics. way. fundamental 
musical in something something part, different things in a a 
fundamental foundations of different Traditional Traditional 
Traditional with begins way. mathematics mathematics mathematics 
most things is with such things mathematics set as as logic, set 
logic, as as set etc. - etc. over anomalies logic, you know, 
know, of over tendency appear all all anomalies (Godel's is over 
place place place most the the is is is category example). as 
most obvious example). theorem tendency look But the tendency 
the look look tendency is to is like based tendency at dynamics 
dynamics over like and on things things based - which like 
theory theory theory are there theory which which which from and 
to are objects and in objects and arrows, or objects arrows, 
rules rules objects morphisms and morphisms these. emerging 
objects and structures structures is Arrows to from these. 
these. emerging objects, can Arrows also also are morphisms, be 
also can can can really etc. structures morphisms, etc. etc. 
objects, very it's I understand very I but but very of this, of 
the relevant little it's really really look the the to the the 
relevant transforms revrev kinds global global of inversions



grainy life slur, slurry


http://www.alansondheim.org/grainylife.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/grainylife3.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1960.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1970.jpg

detecting the structures in skeins, phenomena of the backdrop,
granularity of the world, this simple echoic method, this
hurtling or surge, stereotyped already as _effect,_ necessary,
for me, to see, comprehend, vanishing planes of our perception,

granular stochastic sputtered life, processed life, stormy 
weather, the grain of the voice: perhaps we would not have 
recovered from this,

sheer physicality of the storm, its obdurate (grainy) presence 
in a world which i can't remember it having been in the future 
and the grainy time becomes increasingly grainy, year after year 
rising into grainy worlds peopling the world of the grainy 
digital film peopling grainy vacuum tube scanner, deconstructed, 
reverse double faces

and big white warm wet swollen sticky cut massive grainy tongue 
stuck on your which i can't remember it having been in the 
future and the grainy time swollen grainy stuck, exposed just 
like, want me and peopling the world of the grainy digital film 
bodies grainy worlds population slowing, food production still 
alien bodies grainy worlds population slowing, food

*/the fury of digital processing, the _slur_ of time 

the grain of the senses entangled among the grain of the 
organism -

elemsize block *ipo *from totkey **scripts *flag emanents and 
avatars inhere, cohere, mishmash, spew, emit, slur, slough, 
intermingle, interpenetrate, within the true world, they 
in-themselves, but among-others; our monads slur their 
struttering the hornpipe, double-up bow and slur, double-up bow 
and slur. holes typing, holes slurring words, distracted holes, 
holes of speech and circling waves between surface and bottom, 
sludged and slurried lay half-covered holes woodwinds, slurs, 
warp, woof, stitch, slurring, moving, giving way, shifting; it's 
all the same. these an attempt to slur the digital, inescapable 
attempt slur processes. wave equations born. expands, leaving 
emanents and avatars inhere, cohere, mishmash, spew, emit, slur, 
slough, between surface and bottom, sludged and slurried lay 
in-themselves, but among-others; our monads slur their becomeing 
messing slur requirement fallout. regulation, entitled emanents 
and avatars inhere, cohere, mishmash, spew, emit, slur, slough,

woods, slurs, everywhere, the warp, the woof, the stitch, you've 
found, cliffs unafraid & get again, O allure extasis .dilatation 
half-covered holes woodwinds, slurs, warp, woof, stitch,

fissures appear slurs fill them
fissures appear slurs, fills them



Self-Portrait for Worse

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip0591.jpg

He puts up these stupid with some theory-sounding texts, as if 
that makes them interesting. He doesn't realize that no one 
takes facebook seriously for work and no one has the time to 
listen to his stuff day after day. He's aggressive and 
irritating; no one should be subjected to the deluge of emails 
he sends out. He acts as if he's the only artist or musician or 
writer or whatever he is in the world. He's spread too thin, 
he's not good at any of these things. He fills my mailbox with 
crap day after day. He's got the largest ego of anyone I know. 
For that matter, his music is out of tune, his theory is just 
nonsense as far as I can tell, and we've seen all of this 
before. I can't even sit still to watch his videos. He's driven 
to put up something daily, no matter how bad it is. If everyone 
did this, and we paid attention, we'd have no time for anything 
else. He thinks he's so smart. He thinks he's a genius. He uses 
all kinds of abstract words to cover up his inability to think 
anything new. No one under the age of thirty pays any attention 
to him, they know better. I don't know anyone who's read even 
one out of ten of his things. He's miserable in real life, 
demanding attention like a prima donna. He thinks other people 
have nothing better to do than to read him, if he really thinks 
of them at all. He gets defensive immediately if he thinks he's 
attacked. His work is far too neurotic to make any sense to 
anyone, I don't even think he reads it. He's just showing off 
with his music, anyone can play fast, but it takes real skill to 
do something interesting. He seems to have some sort of notion 
about virtuosity, that it ends with physical skill. His work has 
no soul, and it's so down that it seems to be more of a personal 
symptom than any real thought. He's always defensive, building 
walls around himself, full of self-pity. He can't get out of the 
hole he's dug for himself. He doesn't see the glass half-full, 
he doesn't even see the glass. I can't stand reading about 
misery day after day so I delete the stuff. Facebook isn't for 
confession and the miserable, it's for checking in on people, 
and seeing what they're doing. He pays no attention to the fact 
that people don't want to read anything negative, they have 
enough of that in real life. He just pushes his misery onto 
everyone, if you let him. He pollutes email lists just as much, 
at least you can delete him without looking at the stuff. I 
block him, I can't take it any more, he just won't stop. He 
expects me to pay maybe ten minutes to read his stuff, well 
there are thousands who ask for the same. I don't have time or 
energy to have his life barge into mine. He's the worst spammer 
on the net as far as I'm concerned. He's not selling anything 
I'd ever want to buy. He makes me really uncomfortable. I feel 
sorry for his friends but he's always crying he doesn't have 
any. I wish he'd crawl back into the hole he came from. He just 
brings me down. He must be a horror to anyone who knows him. I 
hear he's a real pest. He's a nuisance. I'll be happy when he 
finally goes away. I don't want him dead, I don't want anyone 
dead, but I'll be happy when his spew just stops. When I know I 
can't hear from him anymore. When his name doesn't pop up. I 
hope he just disappears.



studies in reverse tunneling, inverse dynamics

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2948.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/din1.mp3 violin
http://www.alansondheim.org/din2.mp3 flute
http://www.alansondheim.org/din3.mp3 violin
http://www.alansondheim.org/din4.mp3 violin

working on a new cd, The Ineffable Morphic Plane, these
pieces involving 'inverted dynamics' of frequency bands
in combination with artificial reversed tunneling; all
violin pieces work off of tune fragments, repetitions,
din and dyne; the flute piece working off breath, key
clatter, body positioning.

'defying expression or description; "indefinable
yearnings"; "indescribable beauty"; "ineffable ecstasy";
"inexpressible anguish"; "unspeakable happiness";
"unutterable contempt"; "a thing of untellable splendor"
[syn: {indefinable}, {indescribable}, {ineffable},
{unspeakable}, {untellable}, {unutterable}]'

--  --  --

~Older crystal radios and superheterodynes worked otherwise. A 
crystal dyinguniversepdf dyn dynemanpdf dzeroe e eagle eagleinst 
anesthetic anodyne barb barbiturate off screw jazz eff anodyne 
anoint wa soap the ways soften someth extra~
ing extra~



Art Papers current issue - myself, Salvatore Iaconesi,
and many others!

http://artpapers.org

The current issue (July/August 2016 of Art Papers is out; 
it's focused on health, public and otherwise. I'm incredibly
happy with the issue - which includes among other things,

Contagions (spatial, imaginary)
Alan Sondheim
In a visual and verbal essay, an artist narrates his 
work on human vitality at the edge of the virtual world. 

and

Correspondence: La Cura
Salvatore Iaconesi
An artist/technologist used the Internet to crowd-source 
the treatment for his own cancer; here, in an email, 
he considers its emotional - and communal - side effects. 
(from Netbehaviour!)

Please check the site and get a copy if you can - the 
whole issue is fantastic!

Thank you Art Papers!





Migraine for Real Las Cruces

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1683.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/migraine.mp4

I was hanging out in Las Cruces, the wife and dad-in-law were 
wandering around inside the cafe. Outside it was hot, really 
hot. I felt the fan overhead trying to cool the great out-of- 
doors. Nothing doing, I was sweating buckets. The fan ran 
between me and the sun, an unholy moon eclipsing me at some 
headache-inducing tempo. I didn't dance like that, but I tried. 
I stayed there. I stayed there and stayed there. Twice I made 
videos but they don't convey anything, they look calm and 
nothing was calm. By the time I was done with this experiment I 
had the full-on migraine with spots and streaks and all the 
insane flash-patterns you can imagine. I felt like a Catholic 
saint, they were all around, streaks in the sky, ikons in the 
churches. My brain felt blown apart. I kept wondering why I was 
doing this and I stopped doing it. I was burned out for the next 
few hours. I kept my mouth shut, no one needed to know. The 
landscape stuttered like a film gone bad in a gone projector. 
The world wasn't the same. I live dangerous.

*/you can't get the effect from the video which smeared out 
everything, turned the torrent into a limpid pool. but it 
wasn't, believe me. i have the scars to prove it./*


~/ homedirectory

http://www.alansondheim.org/homedirectory1.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/homedirectory2.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/homedirectory3.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/homedirectory.mp4
http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1056.jpg

./homedirectory performative

w | grep sondheim sondheim pts/20 pool-96-253-57-46.prvdri.f 
5:09PM 0 grep sondheim
pwd /net/u/6/s/sondheim
who | grep sondheim sondheim pts/20 Aug 6 17:09 (96.253.57.46)

"I see no reason why a similar phenomenon could not happen in 
mathematics; in extrapolating a formal mechanism to the limit of 
its generative capacities, it does not take long to assemble 
formulas that are so long and complex that all possibility of 
intuitive interpretation disappears. The 'theorems' thus 
obtained will probably be formally correct but semantically 
insignificant. Thus for a given intuitive theory T one must 
expect to have to use not one but several 'local' axiomatiza- 
tions; each local axiomatization S has a contact zone Z(sub)S in 
the morphology for which S is valid; but as soon as one 
constructs formulas in S which are too long or involved, the 
intelligibility disappears. At the boundary of the zone Z(sub)S, 
the semantic link between S and Z(sub)S breaks down; this 
prohibits the extension beyond Z(sub)S of the isomorphisms 
S --> T, defined by the meaning. The idea that a theory T could 
be generated by just one formal system S is, a priori, just as 
unlikely as the idea that the earth should be flat or that one 
could cover a surface by a single system of coordinates."

- from Rene Thom, "Modern Mathematics: An Educational and 
Philosophic Error?," p. 73, in New Directions in the Philosophy 
of Mathematics, An Anthology, ed. Thomas Tymoczko, Birkhauser, 
Boston, 1986. (some changes in notation)

gamespace(edgespace) <--> edgespace(gamespace); ~/.entangled ;
blankspace jectivity <--> (edgespace, gamespace); here, there's 
a change in ontology.



wonder music towards the ineffable

http://www.alansondheim.org/la.jpg (photo by Jeremy Justus)
http://www.alansondheim.org/lah.mp3 
Azure Carter, voice, Alan Sondheim, giraffe banjo
http://www.alansondheim.org/laah.mp3
Azure Carter, voice, Alan Sondheim, flute
http://www.alansondheim.org/laaah.mp3
Azure Carter, voice, Alan Sondheim, flute

recorded at Westminster Studios, Providence, RI
inverse dynamics, hard limiting, reverse tunneling

la lah laah laaah
la lah laah laaah
la lah laah laaah


the idyll

http://www.alansondheim.org/theidyll.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/theidyll.mp4

they were there in the glade, i'm sure of it. the camera was 
scanning, looking for them. they were down by the shore. there 
was a kind of boat or a log boat. they were dressed for some 
kind of ceremony. i'm not sure what was going on. maybe it 
wasn't a ceremony, maybe they dressed like that all the time. 

it looked like a hierarchy, like an organized thing, but i might 
be wrong. i keep thinking about these things. i didn't know what 
the rules were, maybe there weren't any. maybe they were just 
fooling around, out on a lark. 

the glade was by the shore, what were they doing down by the 
shore?

the camerawork is rough. i tried to clean it up. i did my best. 
whatever i did didn't help. maybe there was a malfunction. but i 
should have been able to improve things, at least increase the 
contrast, change levels, things like that. it was all blood-red, 
that's hard to work with. but i should have been able to do 
something. i couldn't do anything.

so it seems even with the video, like a dream of some sort. i 
knew it happened, but the evidence isn't there on the tape. the 
camera was working perfectly. i kept using it.

who were these people, what were they doing there?

then i wonder if they were there all along, before we came, 
before anyone else came. maybe they're gone, maybe they're 
leaving pictures behind, dreams, warnings. i think they might be 
seductions, i'm sure of it. in any case, here's the evidence.

i know i sound like i'm writing a first-year story here, but 
this is absolutely true. i can't help the truth of it. the video 
is garish but it doesn't like. 

they didn't seem to be there when we returned. maybe we went a 
different way. 

whatever it was, it moved on. i'm sure it moved on. i don't lie.

i didn't understand the rules. where there any? misery!

and the shore? what was it?



wandering among the dead

[ placeholder, Jeremy Justus photograph ]
[ unknown stones of the grand view ]
[ http://www.alansondheim.org/among.jpg ]

from there i was born

[ placeholder, bridge and city view from incline ]
[ http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip3109.jpg ]

i won't die this way

[ placeholder, gravestone ]
[ http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip3079.jpg ]

no teeth for me

[ placeholder gravestone ]
[ http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip3041.jpg ]

i'm already there

[ placeholder, bridge and city view from incline ]
[ http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip3096.jpg ]

+++

"out of so much promise, and so quickly, this man has not
laid by even a grave stone wherewith to quieten his soul.

"just look out, you, who take your life and limb for granted."

[ placeholder ]

[ http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2930.jpg ]

+++



purgatory oud, process

http://www.alansondheim.org/retablo.jpg (1)
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatoryprocess.mp3 (2)
http://www.alansondheim.org/purgatory.mp3 (3) --> (2)

( (3), purgatory.mp3, for oud solo itself! )

punctumgif punish puppet& puppettheater pure purebody purgatory 
purgatoryb purge purification purity in purgatory together... 
hope so...  i always thi i am so close to coming purgatory in 
purgatory together... hope so...  i always thi i am so close 
purgatory.................... purgatory.................  
skews ..........over.................... 
purgatory.................... dour................. hobgoblin 
purgatory....................

And: harrowed hell hastened homeward, hoarsely hollered hooray.
Hell with the birds, how was I supposed to know the real hint 
of a problem with this, social engineering, causeways to hell 
and beyond the space of the proscenium, meaning. but then, the 
shell ... yes, All for the hell of it." the old/: lag gone to 
+60 seconds/letter: get the hell out: this future writes 
about the hell of writing because she always has to decide 
least, _cool,_ and way the hell out of reach. I'm ashamed - not 
truth. "Don't there" "I'm lawyer, shut." hell job? How in hell 
am I to get another teaching job? I've been getting physically 
offensive defense is division, war hell death casualties torture 
terrorism Scan the profile of the sphere; is beneath my hell 
Scan the perfect bod i will dream of these and wont dream of her 
shell be sorry it fills the gaps or holes in the shell (the 
pores) - our shell and our holding on with the materiality of 
words stuff - I have no idea who the hell thse people are? wanna 
see a edge and you may look over the edge. You may see the shell 
of the world or had a hell of a time finding all the pieces. It 
probably is from that. bandwith. The hell with it! helixbas hell 
helll hellll hello hellome hellomeb shehnaiday shehnainight 
shelf shell turtlero turtleromp turtles turtletimeshell 
tusenvpdf tustin for example, have any chances of survival. 
Creativity has gone to hell anyway the hell with the key. Morse 
could wait. Ships were sunk at sea for less. oh hell i'm not 
fooling anybody!


White Sands

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip1512.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/oceans.mp4 

*/too many sfx sticking the sand in drywash wadi arroyo/*
*/running out of ideas ahead of santa anas/*
*/brutal stupidity on my part w/ dead-end ideas/*
*/eaten away by sand dust dry heave heat sirocco/*

Sand like a carapace, uncomfortable, brutal, razing the soles, 
furious cargo, i can't carry it, i'm blinded, my eyes scratched, 
dissolved, there's rockets white glare in white sands, there's 
fuels, tracked rubble, dead digital falters in the crust

Hallucination's what's left

We have the space to draw lines in the sand in the grass 
prairies across I guess like Blake says the whole world is 
reflected in a piece of sand there are crickets and sand midges 
everywhere. my body is a sieve. becoming sand or bark. Comical: 
because it moves, because it expresses, season the cord Yasuda 
beauty sand child hill wooden dance child The child high way, 
FLASH beach mountain distinct Ando sand fragrance Sato harmony 
sand harmony rare sand Kitajima superior becoming sand or bark). 
Comical: because it moves, because it expresses, really be on 
the basis of the sand grain or sinter. It seems to me that did 
so goods too, blood, you w wave heard black sand of body, or 
feuds caw, i wrap myself hard in the hard sand against the hard 
sun. from the beach and the shore, wet sand underfoot, her work 
done, her realm; she turned them into two sand cones, that the 
message be dispersed against the desert like sand unto sand, the 
ordering is implicate, sun of the desert, glowing in the midst 
of sand melted into translucent s/he is standing in and out of 
the sand and the ground deconstructs produces itself elsewhere, 
the thud of bodies where sand is. it fell to the sand and it 
kept going. it passed air. it passed out. Being on the small 
planet, the tiny grain of sand which is called Grain among 
grain, sand among sand, rock among rock, stream in stream, and 
unborn, I am the lightest breeze, storm of sand and water
  
from the beach and the shore, wet sand underfoot, her work done, 
her sage-brush, but weeds should be growing through the sand in 
very white! The sand is very hot! How high the sun is! How 
beautiful the How black the sand is! The sand is very black! How 
singing the sand is! The sand is very singing! How beautiful her 
name! Her name is very beauti- dreams and emanations and reals 
and virtuals and grains of sand - I bet all that times the 
grains of sand ever so often sandy!

realm; she turned them into two sand cones, that the message be 
dispersed. she couldn't read at all. the merchants watched her; 
there was sand all detritus & excretions & sloughings:blood 
urine feces & gas & sand water so blood urine feces & gas & sand 
water oil solvent alcohol lymph menses & grateful cooperation :: 
FLASH : sand congeals : nothing, perhaps a rock or stick or 
stone; nothing, perhaps sand or mud or you don't see the 
universe in a grain of sand; you see a grain of sand in man and 
woman on sand or fold their dreams so they meet on other side.

wood swe|| so as to c|ose the ho|e sand I now ohcgodover..e..d 
bloodyou'll sand end ibodt.... yescovr sli3;23Heep she is 
standing in and out of the sand and the ground deconstructs Your 
sand I Consider the following again, your ... is towards my 
mercuries I could only go back, not to childhood, but to the 
smell of the sand or Are you satisfied with your smells. Write 
sand doll with ideohydraulesis.

neighborhood. "birds" his last words, sand stained red. His 
uniform test book of sand that shoots out from under me every 
twelve or so hours. rejection ban ruptured sea island. sand 
console desert-slaughter, the sand sifting, shifting, 
slaughters sifting, and evolutions, friday the 21st of august

friday the 22nd, fresh as wet sand on the feet hardening into 
memory's internments. And fluids sand her sssblood and 
ys....ours, i would be there and i am guuna the succulent earth, 
the pressure of water and sand granites, limestones, sand and 
bleak animal memories, rise of with your smells. write sand 
SATIN DOLL with ideohydraulesis. s/he is standing in and out of 
the sand and the ground deconstructs I could only go back, not 
to childhood, but to the smell of the sand or Are you satisfied 
with your smells. Write sand doll with ideohydraulesis. sputters 
air. divide sand best, sit ocean, talking, soon, gathering 
childhood, but to the smell of the sand or childhood and the 
sand is a sieve the sand strains the body There's sense say, 
dealing imaged man woman sand fold becoming sand or bark). 
Comical: because it moves, because it expresses, really be on 
the basis of the sand grain or sinter. It seems to me that 
everything sand ur * his parable inspired at production foris 
associate discovered en garden the sand thing salt same samsara 
sand SATORI satu dotted line, drawn in sand at best, for a talk 
among us. We will sit by - the heat of the sand around Eilat in 
Jerusalem for example, or walking I could only go back, not to 
childhood, but to the smell of the sand or and sand of the 
desert, water-buffalo mewling, suffocating, drowning <residue of 
the otherness of the self; sand is the REWRITE of wind just I'm 
sitting down to write; I've a reed in my hand, and the sand is 
book of sand that shoots out from under me every twelve or so 
hours. difficulties of health. I write this in the sand until my 
head is cut strand of beach, tossed spray of sand and satellites 
guide us beloved the glass is always full. Unlike the desert, 
the sand never moves.

no sand ever falls in the glass.
no sand ever falls and there is no desert and I am waiting here 
and no sand ever falls.




hasapi tune modules

http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2191.jpg
http://www.alansondheim.org/hasapitune1.mp3
http://www.alansondheim.org/hasapitune0.mp3

repetitive modules fascinate me as well as the transformation/ 
bridges between them; i've got to remember what sequences have 
been used with what fingerings, tonalities (important on the 
hasapi), instrument movements, and so forth. i have the two 
strings tuned in unison; i play both with barring. somewhere in 
the midst of all of this, there's a model and modality at work; 
in the meantime, i'm fascinated by the possibilities.

solo hasapi



Rio and Others (sport, music, de Beauvoir)


http://www.alansondheim.org/bctrip2290.jpg
miniature afghan fretless tambur -> inv-dyn
http://www.alansondheim.org/afghani2.mp3 (i've gotten there)
miniature afghan fretless tambur
http://www.alansondheim.org/afghani.mp3 (i'm getting there)

I've been watching as much of the Olympics as I can; it's good 
to practice music while they're on. I'm disgusted by U.S. 
chauvinism; I'm also disgusted by the rampant commercialism -
cutting away, for example, whenever an athlete is hurt. But I'm 
also amazed at the brilliance of athletes (as I write this, 
Neymar is down), who practice for years, perfecting their sport; 
it's inspiring to see such ability. I keep thinking of my own 
musical practice; whenever I go slack, touch and sound loosen 
their uneasy collaboration, and I feel the need to start over 
again. When I'm playing, say, the tambur (do listen to both 
versions), my eyes focus on the bottom of the instrument, where 
the bow is; if I video my fingers, I'm fascinated by their 
speed, as if they're acting on their own, responding to the 
quick and strange dynamics of muscle memory. Anything that 
someone does well physically (beyond this always seems to be 
well out of my league; I sense whole realms opening up at the 
touch of a finger, a hand, a leg, a vault, and kick, a jump. I 
watch these unattainable worlds; I can't imagine what it's like, 
for example, to complete a floor exercise, or hold perfectly 
still in an archery competition. So what I'm doing, now, is 
trying out small modules, processing them with inverse 
amplitudes, odd dynamic translations; at least I can hear 
something new, for me, and at my end, something old as well, as 
these modules appear to be, on one hand, an imitation the sounds 
of anomalous shortwave signals, and on the other, some 
traditional structures of ecstasy and repetition. One always 
does what one can. And while I recognize all the dreary 
patriotism and commercialism of the Rio games, I try to tunnel 
beneath these, and rise to witness the elegance above. Neymar's 
okay.

"I was rowing, and the boat glided along without leaving a 
trace, so quietly. To be nothing but the white ripple rising and 
disappearing into the even surface of the water. _That voice 
should be killed. That voice what was saying: 'I should like to 
be that ripple.' She said: 'That voice should be killed.' The 
ripple was born and died without a voice._"

- Simone de Beauvoir, The Blood of Others, p. 143, trans. Roger 
Senhouse and Yvonne Moyse, New York, 1948. French original, 
1943, Le Sang des Autres.
