
-

I am a Visionary


I am a difficult person. I have troubles with authority. In a university
environment, I move from department to department. I ask awkwardly for
rites and privileges. I don't know how to accept a "no." I try to teach
postmodernisms and Internet accessing and the politics of art. At one
university my "case" reached the vice-chancellor of the entire system. Oh,
I was so proud; I can't even earn a proper living. At another place, I was
unable to connect to the Net for a class about on-line communications,
since it turned out that the telephone line wasn't proprietary after all.
What could the computer make of a woman's voice discussing video editing? 

But I am a difficult person. If I had the line running properly, I would
have asked for ISDN. If I had ISDN I wouldn't have stopped until T1. If
I had text, I would have asked for audio - if I had audio, I would have
demanded video - and if everything, teledildonics alone would have stopped
me. A small screen, I would have asked for larger. Larger, I would have
asked for walk-in. Walk-in, I would have moved in.

Ah, the difficulties of being a visionary! I don't fit in anywhere, I 
walk, heh, on the wild side! I live in the distant future which reveals
itself to me, the way a tree looks to others in a clear day. But I have
no tolerance; I rush headlong towards completion, stopping only to verify
the accuracy of my texts.

Meanwhile, I teach only as adjunct, walk the streets with a lean and hun-
gry look, wait for someone to recognize my brilliance, place me in an
office with a _modern_ telecommunications system and graduate students
willing to help in my research, no matter how badly I configure my foot-
notes. And far beneath that, I wait for such things as decent health in-
surance, but I'll be waiting for that until I die or beyond, if I can't
get a burial society interested in the dissection of my brain... 

If you don't believe this, that's ok; remember I'm difficult, have a rep-
utation for causing trouble, being arrogant, being not quite with it -
for all I know, it may be the brainwaves which are strange in some of us
on my mother's side of the family. Or a reputation for being neurotic,
unforgiving, working constantly, not being socialized enough. Or too de-
manding, or treating others as objects, or not knowing how to give - or
any number of other things.

But I'm difficult and I sit and survey the vastness of cyberspace as if
it were described on a roadmap found in the glove compartment of an old 
car, complete with arrows for the stations along the way. I move my fin-
ger along the paper and new lines are burnished in; sparks flow from 
them, the whole map aglow with new beauty and the truth of foresight
I bring to it. But how can I convey this, difficult as I am? Where can
I be placed, except on the street where the visions don't matter? I'll
refuse to die that way, street-wise, doing no one any good with the vi-
sions. And I've already have sufficient of them, waiting now for that
office or that den, that parlor or that vestibule, that _threshold_ lend-
ing itself me.

Isn't it always a case of illness, I'll-ness. I'll tell you the truth,
I'll be good, I'll forget myself, I'll never teach this, I'm already 
sorry for everything. I'm sorry for teaching feminism and political art
in an art department, postmodernism in graduate studies and humanities,
decon in intro to humanities, computers and synthesizers in beginning
video, Internet just about anywhere on an undergraduate level, experimen-
tal writing in English composition courses, concept art in liberal arts,
sound in sculpture classes, every one of these stumbling around people,
places, things, silences in faculty lounges, outbursts in faculty meetings
and apologies all the way around. But to be fair look at the results, stu-
dents publishing, exhibiting, opening galleries, writing books, screening
video everywhere, making home pages, being architects, editors, theorists,
musicians, performers, artists of all sorts, a few liking me. (Maybe a lot
hating me and maybe I deserve it, difficulty no excuse...) But then isn't 
this another of my myths as I move from interstice to interstice, which
anyone living in the future necessarily does? The real use of the past is
murder; the present only prolongs it.

But then I'm difficult.

