
-


Star Shadow History of Everything


How can a star have a shadow? We celebrate all loss, all loss of form.  We
procure form and plasma takes it again. We tube plasma. We make it into
words. They're lost in columns a light-year in length, birthplace, they're
lost in tips the size of solar systems. There are no ideas but in things.
Entities are flooded, what is called emergence demands a framework. It's
larger than the span which can name. The universe isn't sentient, won't
be. It's the last refuge: Consider waves, oscillations, damped over and
over again: the death of God death of man, then varying anthropic princi-
ples, as if the immensity weren't. Anything to circumscribe what the arms
won't reach. We think in light-year arms, churned through space, hope Bell
will help us toll meaning in the void. It's the end of everything we know,
waiting by a meter in order to demand the territory claimed from emergen-
ces that have no recognition for a language that cuts or otherwise. The
cutting in the name of France, claim of the Cross Louisiana: "The whole
party under arms chanted the _Te Deum,_ the _Exaudiat,_ the _Domine Salvum
fac Regem;_ and then, after a salute of fire-arms and cries of _Vive le
Roi,_ the column was erected by M. de la Salle, who, standing near it,
said with a loud voice, in French:" when I'm wet I'm a stain. The ocean
stains me, my smell stains me. You can smell me between my legs. It gives
me a little piece of land, little piece of flesh. Sometimes, when I'm
lying back looking at the birth of stars, I spread like a thinner membrane
everywhere, DNA to the breaking point. Become huge, skein of skin hollow,
thinner and thinner, become molecule thin, atom energy, thinner still, cut
of rushed quark particles, neutrinos entering sky-cloud-cloud-chart beauty
time. When I'm wet, my smell is everywhere, you can smell me on it, birth
of stars, regions of higher intensity shadowing the remnant against des-
tructive radiation, I pillar for you, my head a haloed solar system, burn-
ished legs churned down into damp earth. Only here for a moment the damp-
ness, smell of piss, cum, mucus. Cut the earth burned to cinder, cold ash
in fact. Spayed cat circumambulates scratching post, cuticle held to a
minimum, my smell the musk of writing, seared or torn lozenge, frayed slit
opened to interior torn from afterbirth moorings, these aren't stars and
no knowledge ever of _them._

