
-


The Take which is the Inverse of What is normally Expected


Tonight I am getting ready to go to bed. I stand naked in the tiny bath-
room, facing a beaten redbrick wall, shower to my left, toilet to my
right, the light coming from a single bare bulb above the refrigerator
which is also in the same space, behind me. The entire bathroom must
measure less than two by two meters; it is crowded, typical New York. An
air of desolation fills it. 

I take a white tube of toothpaste and begin to open it. It twists in my
hands, its dimensionality suddenly appearing hideous, breaking apart the
space, thrusting the floor downwards, almost out of sight. The tube be-
comes powdered, oily ceramic, almost alive - or as if it were once alive
and now dead, turned in upon itself, unraveled. I realize that all of this
is the result of space flooding me, space everywhere, even in the confines
of the room. I become paper-thin, curled around the tube; it's to no
avail. 

I wish for an end to this. Space occupies too much, is too insistent, too
obdurate. There are no jump-cuts in space, only smoothed mobility from one
to another region. Nothing is well-defined and everything is multiply
connected. No wonder that ownership itself, possession, is a necessary
invention - anything to forestall the inevitable, drowning in space, a
lathering and disassociation, destructive of body and memory both. 

Later I feel that a lesson has been learned. I am back down to earth, and
the world has again righted itself, as if it were askew, itself twisted,
geodesics leading nowhere across inconceivable manifolds. Nothing is pre-
sent now; I've fled the bathroom, replaced the tube to a region where,
overcome by gravity, it remains more or less in place. The floor still
yawns and writhes, but, silent as it is, I receive no notice of this from
the relative stability of the bed where I type this. I am separated, and 
separated from space, and from that space.

I want to assure you finally, as a mode (at least) of the literary-real,
that this is neither myth nor metaphor, but simply an occasion or a map-
ping of something daily taken for granted, and daily full of treachery. No
wonder so many of us retire to the relative safety of cyberspace; here,
everything distends _just so_ and according to gestures of our own making.
Temporary as they are, we leave our traces here, which cannot be said for
the noise of worlds emerging. In cyberspace, we are entombed, and our
stones seem graved forever and in-deed. 

