


The Homeless Mind


I want to return momentarily to Berger, Berger, and Kellner's The Homeless
Mind, Modernization and Consciousness, because its metaphor, that of a
mind which has no dwelling, losing the ability to inhabit, relates closely
to cyberspace issues. In the first chapter, there are a number of terms 
defined which owe to Alfred Schutz, Frankfurt School, and Marx, I think. 
They're used to characterize the mode of technological production; they 
could equally be applied to software production or computer technology in 
general.

A _style_ of work is associated with such production, characterized by
mechanisticity, reproducibility, participation in a sequence of produc-
tion, and so forth. Clearly this style, which is organized top-down, has
been replaced by a style of laterality, bricolage, innovation, and inser-
tion into or across production. This is a major difference. But there are
other elements at the core of the technological which relate closely;
these fall under _cognitive style,_ and include componentiality, interde-
pendence of components and their sequences, separability of means and
ends, and implicit abstraction. Given these elements, note their transla-
tion into cyberspatial issues:

1. Componentiality relates directly to programming, applets, MOO morphs,
and the like. TCP/IP falls under this element and the following. 
2. Interdependence of components and their sequences references links,
GUI, the MOO database, etc. 
3. Separability of means and ends refers to the foreclosing or frame-
working associated with every software program, including variable
declarations, main(), etc. - as well as the transportation of components 
from one application to another.
4. Implicit abstraction is evident everywhere, from programming to the 
class of @-commands in MOO. 

As might be expected, "Technological production brings with it _anonymous 
social relations._ The thinking behind this goes back at least to Marx 
and Blake, but I think the implicit model of the technological here is 
based on _mechanism,_ not cyber-wear for example. In fact, technology can 
theoretically mimic (and mimicing is a becoming as well) _any_ social 
relations, anomic, anonymous, abstracted, or otherwise. In so doing, the 
abstract remains as skeletal articulation; for every bot on an lpmud, 
there's a bot code. But the surface signifiers, programmed in and be- 
coming more and more emergent as well, are otherwise, just as skin and 
facial musculature are part of a complex and irreducible system of 
communications, no matter how much cellular biochemistry is understood.
(I am _not_ arguing for "spirit" or "soul" here by the way _at all,_ but 
only for emergent phenomena, which are fairly common in the physical 
world _as-is._)

Later, the authors say, "Put differently, a double consciousness develops
in which the other is simultaneously experienced in terms of his [sic]
concrete individuality _and_ in terms of the high abstract complexes of
action within which he functions. In order for such actions to be perfor-
med, the other _must_ be anonymized." It's again easy to dismiss this
within CMC, assuming that community engenders community, that our differ-
ences are somewhat translatable into text. However, at least for me, the
issue of implicit abstraction returns, almost like a stain or residue. In
real life, physical life, on the street, I meet Leslie. Leslie and I talk
and not only are there an inordinate number of "clues" which constitute
part of the communication between us - there is also remarkably little in
the way of frameworking, beyond the self-evident and somewhat manipulata-
ble style of every-day life. We both wear clothes, are held in position
somewhat by gravity, have our shadows fall parallel if the sun is out, and
so forth. But the _space_ itself appears mobile, almost in a state of ir-
ruption, able to be reconfigured, blurred. You might say that the obdurate
of the real is so much in place that it's taken for granted - or else that
the obdurate is, in fact, softened, part and parcel of communicating. 

Within CMC, however, implicit abstraction presents itself at the heart of 
things. This won't always be the case, but for the present, an avatar for 
example looks like it just emerged from the slime of the symbolic; it's 
fresh, cleansed, relative unreal, almost entirely expressionless. On the 
MOO, there's less symbolic and more imaginary, in spite of the language; 
as I've written elsewhere, this is an inversion of the everyday use of 
text which appears extruded from the real. But even on the MOO, frame is 
close to everything, whether it's tiny fugue or raw telnet or Homer or 
some other form. When I join PMC MOO, in fact, in tiny fugue I type 
/world PMC, _as if it were a world,_ but it is something that _appears 
above-line,_ labeled and announced, within the confines of the computer 
screen itself. Again, once _there/here,_ the limited commands, etc. carry 
the abstract with them, as they _must_ do, being a relatively small 
finite set of options. Next to every utterance is a """ or "say" and next 
to every participant is a computer.

These are minor matters and I could just as easily argue otherwise. But
what I'm interested in is how this relatively formal account of techno-
logical production still holds in electronic communication, conferencing,
and/or browsing situations. Instead of asking where the body is, one might
as well ask where abstraction resides; instead of formulating issues of
embodiment, it's just as worthwhile to formulate phenomenologies of the
frame. Whatever the analysis, there seems to be "something to it" that 
we're homeless in the midst of our new homes, mindless in the midst of 
others' minds, at a loss for words in the midst of our productions.

