
-

In


Travis worked himself to a frenzy, pacing back and forth. The room had a 
chrome frame and he was always in the window. Clara watched from outside. 
They could hear each other.

Clara says, so you went down there and did that, and Travis says yeah, I 
fell through the cracks, spit out on some floor. Clara says, I dreamed 
you slid through me just like that. I woke up, it was a nightmare. There 
wasn't any more.

The spaceship went vrooom vrooom and kept on going. Keep that in mind, 
that the ship keeps on going while Clara and Travis are talking.

Outside the universe appears still but sometimes a thing moves slightly 
or seems to when Travis looks at it again. Did you see that Travis says. 
Yeah, says Clara, I've been watching. It does that sometimes, I don't 
know why. It tells us we're moving.

Travis says how can it tell us that when it's outside. Clara says, I 
think it was put there, part of the ship maybe, maybe on a motor. Travis 
smiles, thinks of motors. They have things that rotate he says.

Clara says, what rotates is held in place, I think, by something like a 
lock, because there's nothing else, it's got to move, it can't even sway 
or be brought around like a whip. It just does the turning, takes on 
miles that way. Travis says you're right, he's looking out the window 
again. 

The spaceship keeps going vrooom vrooom. You got to keep that in mind.

Clara says, walk through the frame and she does. Clara says, walk through 
the frame and Travis does. Now they're on the same side of the frame, 
that's the kind of frame it is. Travis says we can touch each other, want 
to do that and Clara says, yes, everything's still.

Travis says what's still doesn't move and could be still something or 
other, everything's still here. 

You might think they had poor lives or had nothing to do or you might
think they were trapped and were sad but didn't know it. But they had a
lot to do and a lot to learn and look at and their lives were rich, far
richer than you could imagine, richer than I can imagine or describe. And
they were happy, deeply happy there. 

Clara says, it moved again. Did you see that. Travis says I saw it let's 
do that. Clara says, we're moving fast, we keep moving faster. Travis 
smiles really soon after the first smile, Clara smiles too. They're on a 
side of the frame which could be either side. They're on a ship which is 
moving.

