


Frontier Model*


The Internet has often been compared to the telephone, or television, etc.
- all these growing pains. But unlike other media, the Net is an accumula-
tion of applications, as well as an increased number of clients, called up
or downloaded from the World Wide Web. What began as relatively sparse
Unix command-line interfaces has evolved into combinations of texts, gra-
phics, sound and motion; even the interfaces have become more complicated
with clients such as Tiny Fugue and the huge number of commands available
on MOOs, not to mention the various programming languages, ranging from
Iptscrae through Java, under development. While all of this could pass for
either CMC or telecommunications, it seems other models might be more app-
ropriate. 

Thinking about this came as a result of rereading parts of Carla Sinc-
lair's Net Chick, A Smart-Girl Guide to the Wired World, and realizing
that character-types such as hacker, cracker, net chick, surfer, MUDDer,
etc. were simply not found in, say, the early days of television. Once
past the experimental stage, television rapidly settled into a series of
protocols and networks, and the audience was treated as both mass and pas-
sive. The same was true for radio and film, although careful demographic 
surveys were produced for programming in all media. The telephone, as far 
as I know, never developed categories, although it could be said that "x 
is addicted to the telephone," etc. Ham radio and television come closer 
to the Net - both involve highly-interactive technologies and knowhow - 
hams have always tinkered with their equipment.

So I propose, just as an exercise, to consider the Net as a form of fron-
tier, in much the same manner as the American U.S. West was a frontier for
whites from the 17th through 19th centuries. A frontier not only possesses
widely varying demographics from place to place, time to time, but it also
possesses different modalities of living, different occupations ranging
from trapping and hunting to mining, agriculture, and ranching. The land
was always under negotiation as protocols, armies, and populations compe-
ted with one another. 

But if the Net were a frontier, it was also initially depopulated and in
fact can be considered an inverse of the American West. The latter had an
overriding mode of imperialism; in order for a white to gain ground, a
Native American had to lose ground. Ignorance, racism and violence accom-
panied a close to genocidal conquest. The Net on the other hand has cir-
cumscribed _space it has created,_ a major difference, and one associated
with issues of embodiment. I have pointed out numerous times that I am
absent from the Net for-others unless I have an address and _speak_ and my
speaking creates a construct which others identify as me. (See the mater-
ial at the beginning of the Internet Text.) The space I occupy is minisc-
ule, however, a few megabytes on a few hard-drives, nothing like the King
Ranch which was the size of Rhode Island (and may still be).  Nothing is
displaced by my presence. 

So the competition is an odd one, engaging issues of bandwidth, Net access
and (limited) technical competence. These issues are quantitatively and
qualitatively different than those found in Western expansion, a situation
where resources were basically fixed. The similarities, however, should
also not be overlooked - the establishment of communities sometimes in
competition; the intensification of demographics in relation to common
interests (for example, the Mormons settling in certain areas); the re-
alignment of social categories; the expansion of lawlessness and the emer-
gence of laws "from within" on an ad hoc basis; the division into newcom-
ers and old-timers, overcrowding and the using up of resources (see Park-
man on the Oregon Trail); the "trampling" of other cultures and the fast
growth of capitalism and commodification (ranging from the development of
the National Park System to Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show), etc. 

The model possesses psychological interest, as well as a narrative moving
from traditional to postmodern geography. It also presupposes issues of
embodiment and the construction of desire (as well as its circumscription)
in frontier territories. Finally, it may be useful for examining the po- 
tential downside/imperial aspects of cyberspace, as well as the anarchic 
tendencies and "lawlessness" associated with frontier societies.

