-


Mandeville's Travels, Narrative



"From this land men shal go unto the land of Bactry, where are many wicked
men & fell, in that land are trees that beare wol, as it were shepe, of
which they make cloth. In this land are ypotains that dwel sometime on
land, sometime on water, and are halfe a man and halfe a horse, and they
eate not but men, when they may get them. In this land are many gryffons,
more than in other places, and some say they haue the body before as an
Egle, and behinde as a Lyon, and it is trouth, for they be made so; butthe
Griffen hath a body greater than viii Lyons and stall worthier than a 
hundred Egles. For certainly he wyl beare to his nest flying, a horse and 
a man upon his back, or two Oxen yoked togither as they go at plowgh, for 
he hathe longe nayles on hys fete, as great as it were hornes of Oxen, 
and of those they make cups there to drynke of, and of his rybes they 
make bowes to shoote with." (Mandeville, Pynson's MS.)

(On and off I read Mandeville's Travels written in the 14th century and 
full of strange occurrences and quasi-human societies. I read it be- 
cause I'm fascinated with this form of mythos, which reminds me of minds 
straining at the bit, literally, wryting/performing throughout language 
in a way that makes the Other a matter of discomfort. And I'm working 
this reading into either a paper or a talk or a series of anecdotes or a 
series of digressions running like liquid in the midst of slides at a 
conference or sitting among friends and so the following tends to occur.)

On reading Mandeville - information about the most _foreign_ of lands,
equivalent to some extent to the most distant from England, comes in the
form of _texts._ What happens then? The texts are embellished of course
according to local usage. They're also embellished according to lateral
processes, homonyms, etc. playing a role. They're read in a number of way
which include "face-value," a matching of ostensible content with the
resulting construct, and what I call _hysteric embodiment,_ drawing on the
notion of hysteria as a displacement of body onto symptom. In the case of
Ethiopia, this literally happens; elephantiasis transforms into men with
huge feet who use them, lying on their back, to shield their bodies from
the sun. More than that, however, the grotesquerie is always characterized
by a series of additive (grafting), subtractive (elimination), multipli-
cative (expansive), or divisive (diminution) operations among already pre-
determined elements. The hysteria occurs through the production of these
elements, equivalent to coupling operations, contiguities. The embodiment
occurs in the return of the resulting images, through introjection, into a
re-evaluation of bodies, a rebodying, including that of the subject hir-
self. 

"There is another yle where there is great plenty of people & they eate 
neuer flesh of hares, not of hens, nor geese, yet is there many of them 
but they eate of all other beastes, and they drink mylk, in this countrey 
they wed theyr owne daughers and other of theyr kyn as them liketh, and 
if there be x or xii men in one house, eche one of theyr wyves shal be 
common to other, & at night shal one haue one of Ye [thorn/e=the] wives 
and another night another. And if she haue any chyulde, she may give it 
to whome she would so that no man knowe if it be his or not. In this land 
& many other places of Inde, are many cocodrilles, that is a maner of a 
long serpent, and on nights they dwell on water, and on dayes they dwell 
on land and rocks, and they eat not in winter." (op cit.)

What happens in net sexuality is similar; again, bodies are driven by 
texts, woven through texts. The weaving appears imminent, favoring for 
example unixtalk, MOOs, talkers, or IRC over email or other message 
bases. The texts are read, not only for their ostensible content, which 
constructs a narrative among two participants, but also for _contusions_ 
beneath the surface, symptoms which expand into introjected bodies.

The narrative moves through fantasies, pushing the limits of the text 
which disengage from everyday life, the practices of everyday life. 
Language becomes the site for the uncanny. The body floods into control 
sites, partial determinations. The control sites hold it at the origin.

Net sex, third sex, overwhelms; it fulfills, sears, fantasm, constructs 
narrative only as a form of continuous deferment. The gift of reciproc- 
ity is that of the return of sex, the dialog of narrative, turning back 
upon the other. Net sex wrytes the body which only exists in this form; 
every masturbation is net sex, every masturbation flickers bodies across 
neural networking; bodies too are a form of emergence, particulated, 
splayed, constructs of reassemblage. In net sex, mouths cover me, penises 
fill my holes, my fingers and penis fills vaginas, anuses, mouths, my 
skin spreads web-like into membranes covering breasts, tongues, eyes, my 
body divides and reoccurs at the site of the other. What can an origin 
possibly be that is rendered miserably and only within the linguistic 
register? Nothing else occurs but the occurrence; this is learned through 
text, net sex, Mandeville.

"And there is nother yle where the people are all fethers, but the face 
and the palmes of theyr handes, these men go as well about the sea as on 
the lande, and they eate fleshe & fish all raw, in this yle is a great 
river that is two mile brode & a halfe that men call Renemar." (op. cit.)

(I read into and through representative texts from the past, Lucan, Gil-
gamesh, Mallarme, Genesis, Wittgenstein, anonymous diaries, analyses of
nineteenth-century psychology. They form sites; Russian chronicles oddly
reverberate with Mandeville for example. There are wave-forms which spread
chaotically, one to another; the resulting matrix is oddly maternal, in
the form of a covering-topology of network holding everything together,
the Internet included. Text after text indicate the loss with the burning
of the Library at Alexandria; this was the turning-point in the world,
towards barbarism and nuclear war. Real life seeps into the Internet; 
texts are absorbed, applets churn through the past, rendering it. The past
is becoming that-which-is-rendered; the rest is the debris of history. 
Could it be that the world is _awaiting_? Postmodern geography is precise-
ly the account of this seepage, and net sex is also a re-sighting of the 
body, the body as testimony - and testimony as presencing itself. I have 
at one point defined an entity as the k-ply union of its set of descrip- 
tive intersections, the same holding for occurrence. In other words, if 
there are X descriptions with overlapping attributes Y in the form of 
family of usages (i.e. all Y need not be in all X), then a "poll" among 
Y, to the depth of k (i.e. every Y retained appears at least k times in 
X) results in a set of attributes and the union of that set (i.e. their 
concatenation) becomes the defining characteristic or generator of an 
occurrence O(X,Y,k); I hold that the same also is the case for entities 
themselves as emergences. On the Net in any case, _all that exists_ are 
emergences, introjections and projections, since minds are interrelated 
only insofar as they interconnect through and among texts, hysteric 
embodiments, and so forth.)

"On the other side of Calde toward the south side is Ethyope a great 
lande. In this lande on the south are the folke wright blacke. In that 
side is a well that in the daye the water is so colde that no man man 
drinke thereof, & in the nighte it is so hote that no man may suffer to 
put his hand in it. In this lande the rivers and all the waters are 
troublous and some dele salte for the great hete, and men of Yt lande are 
lightly drunken & haue little appetite to meate, and they haue commonly 
the flixe of body and they live not long. In Ethiope are such men that 
have but one foote, and they go so fast Yt is a great marvaill, & that is 
a large fote that the shadow thereof covereth Ye body from son or ryane 
when they lye uppon their backes, and wehen their children be first borne 
they loke like russet, and when they waxe olde then they be all blacke. 
In Ethiope is the lande of Saba, of the which one of the three Kings that 
sought our Lorde at Bethleem was King." (op. cit.)

(Mandeville relates of course to rumor, and rumor is concurrent with
desire, not necessarily desire-for, but in fact libidinal flux. Rumor
spells out the making and remaking of the textual body; it is always
incomplete, always satisfactory. Rumor is _delicious._ The farther the
land reported on, the less contact with Europeans, the greater the rumor. 
Rumor is always gestural, _shades_ of meaning at work, the partly-naked
body, the shadow in the window, the report of strange monsters in the
desert or beneath the sea. Again, there is an algebra of rumor, but it is
a fuzzy algebra, necessarily incomplete, full of interpenetrations,
glances, and the writing of silhouettes...)

Where does narrative fit in? Silhouettes are performative; they designate
body, wryte the body into space, a fitted space or affine space. Even
"normative" sexuality implies narrative, beginning/middle/end, the last
coinciding in general with an orgasmic domain. (Narrative is built into
dimension, space, as well; measure polytopes (i.e. line segment, square,
cube, hypercube, etc.) always have 3^n elements, where n = dimension; 
this is part of the construct, beginning with a line segment as composed
of point/line/point, beginning/middle/end, sliding the segment sideways,
and so forth. Likewise narrative is built into space-time...) Emergence
always necessitates surface construct, coagulation; wryting is the coagu-
lation of the real body, body of the real, within the text. What is per-
formative continues the process on the surface, metonymically; lateral
movement seduces additional elements, and the whole continues indefini-
tely, until the body and the body of the other wrytten large, brings them
to an end. The resulting detumescence partakes of defuge, exhaustive
decathecting; its cathecting that drives the inscriptive processes in the
first place. To have net sex is to have a stake in net sex. The stake is
lost, the text returns to text, brought first and often by the inchoate
spelling out of orgasm, the attempt finally to break through the screen by
the _substance_ of the text, orgasm represented by a series of letters or
letter alternations, depending on the final position of the hand. Physics
and the physical are suddenly manifest. The return to text is to that of
normative reading;  the screen is immediately full of _information._ Dur-
ing net sex, information is the least of the communicative process, which
is, like any other translation, deeply irreducible. 

(Note again what is occurring here: _Beginning_ with text, which con-
stitutes the site of the symbolic, if not its horizon, one moves into the
uncanny/imaginary - there's a reversal at work. It is not an emergence
into language, but an emergence out of it, or rather perhaps a submerg-
ence out of it. This is a form of peristalysis among entities which are
only representations. Elsewhere, I've defined representations as coupled 
_graphs_ in which the _states_ of one graph are assigned to the _nodes_ 
of another. Thus representation remains ontologically within similar do- 
mains, emerging from structures such as arrows (vectors) and vertices. 
But I would argue as well, given the above, that entities need not even 
emerge during net sex, that what is important is in fact what I call the 
_ascii unconscious,_ which need not define image or imaginary as the 
sexual encounter continues.)

(The ascii unconscious, textual interpolations into deep psychological
processes, is similar to the Lacanian notion of the structuring of the
unconscious. But it does not insist on this structuring, only that a
linguistic rhythm or reverberation is established that, like hypnosis
(which can also utilize aural/linguistic cues), can act as a catalyst
_towards_ other states - the reason that I would call net sex _third sex,_
and not a variation on either masturbation or partnered sexuality. And
could one go further or backward, and speak of an unconscious in operation
in Mandeville, for example, an unconscious that produces fantasms at the
borders of Europe (shades of Heiner Muller!)/borders of the text (towards
the end of the text)? Reception theory merges with psychoanalysis here,
reading takes on the instantiation of the therapeutic, as it does in
Lacan. In any case, there is considerable power in words, in their deli- 
very (in net sex, according to the wryting of the other, not just the 
reading of the subject - a most important point), in their proper place- 
ment as in late-night bar or party conversations. For this reason, I 
don't disparage text-driven applications as poor virtual reality - they 
are _something else_ entirely, play into something else, perhaps the vir- 
tual reality of the _mind_ or _minds_ themselves.

And for this reason, I insist on the emergent, i.e. non-difference, quala
of language - not that signifiers are constituted by difference, then, but
that they are emergent, as is difference. And only by attempting to com-
prehend the phenomenology of this emergence (details of which are worked
out in cognitive psychology, etc.), can we understand, not only language
and narrative, but the fantasms that trail along with both, the tethering
of language to narrative, to grotesqueries of all sorts, to the bound and
tied body for example (alt.sex.bondage one of the most popular usenet
groups), to the endless stories that play themselves out on the Net, and
so forth. Boundaries are not only present to be broken and fragmented, but
they're also often top-down (the form of the book, defense of the nation),
and transgression is not only a crossing-out, but is also the debris of
myth, rumor, and the resulting desire, anxiety, and tension.  There are
mixes down below and mixes up above; there are fissures down below and in-
scriptions up above. And this constitutes the spew of narrative that cons-
tructs net sex (where it's evident even in the foreclosing of sentence
structure and the description of cumming), as well as sexuality in gener-
al, or such seemingly unrelated phenomena as pauses in conversation,
scripting in everyday life or artificial intelligence, or, especially, 
what emerges in subsumption robotic architecture.)

"There are many other countreys where I haue not yet ben, nor sene & 
therefore I can not speke properly of them. Also in countreys where I 
haue bene are many marvailes that I speke not of, for it were to long a 
tale and therefore hold you payd at this time Yt I have sayd, for I will 
say no more of mervailes that are there, so that other men that go 
thither may fynde ynough for to say that I haue not tolde." (op.cit.)


