
-

Submergence 


What's occurring now - is no longer emergence, the pro-production of
intelligent life, expert systems evolving into consciousness, although
that too will happen. But take a clear clean look at the development of
Java, Java script, these applets on the Web that operate in conjunction
with a stripped-down computer, as evidenced by the article in Byte on NC's
or the Java color wheel you get to through Netscape - the _home_ computer
or personal or private computer is getting smaller, relying more and more
on the Web for expertise, software (the color wheel makes this clear),
communication. Eventually, if the stripping-down continues, one can
imagine an electronics of _submergence,_ micro-units which connect to the
Net, and eventually these too disappearing in favor of neural connects
which are clearly on the way, retinal interfaces located across the body,
noding/nodding into the matrix, the matrix containing the software and the
interfaces activated by, say, action potentials, inputs and outputs -
there's no need for eyes, ears, organs any more. Or the body simply is
jacked in, a node, as huge applications run elsewhere, highly redundant,
never collapsing entirely - the body placed in coma-node, suspension while
the hardware's refurbished, or circulated among other routes. So that what
is the possibility of skin in this corridor, hardly at all? Then the
atrophy of the body, which is a consequence; one feeds the brains which
feed on visions. Gamers for example are already _murderously_ simple and
not beyond our machinery to design them. So what is happening here,
already signaled by numerous articles, by Java, by microminiaturization? 

I call this, again, _submergence._ And within submergence, the body may 
or may not slow to a halt; it's always already receiving information and 
forever, it calls itself to its own ground, its own being, at any speed. 
So that, submergence, the atrophy continues into the neural layering, 
loves and hates take an indefinite amount of time, the interface develops 
local circulations, foreclosings, sealants, I would imagine. A period of 
time which is no longer time from the interior. There is no interior time 
or rather there is _only_ interior time, Husserlian interior time con- 
sciousness in fact, in the midst of the crystallization which is more 
finely tuned, coagulation, roughly self-similar - which is wetware in the 
act of desiccation. There are strata, as if history matters, in submer- 
gence. Unlike Flaubert's St-Antoine, a favorite example of such, there is 
no signifier, however, at the end of the line, no transcendence, no su- 
perstructure, no immanence, or rather, transcendence and signifiers are 
generated from _within,_ local phenomena at best. _Within submergence, 
the global is the local,_ and that may as well provide the definition. It 
is to be thought over. But there is no other to the other, for instance. 
There is petrification.

And one can imagine _the end of the line, plane, cube, n-flat or measure 
polytope (depending on the language),_ in which atrophy its produces 
stasis; the machines see no reason to continue, "machines" in line and 
light of _the history of the name,_ all is off, quiescent. Submergence 
has no return, the brainstem no longer memory. What it is is not it is.

