
-

Flexibility


How do institutions accommodate themselves to cyberspace, to the flux
of bodies and protocols replacing the fixed-path orientation of bureau-
cratic documents? Cyberspace exists in the midst of anomaly, which is
anathema to the bureaucratic mind; it's been pointed out over and over
again that bureaucracy's ideal subject matter is its (foreclosed) self.
These issues appear constantly for me, as cyberspace infiltrates exis-
ting institutions, and half of life seems to be spent looking for a 
phone or fiber optic line. I'm involved in several ventures at this 
point, and all of them are interstitial, placed within institutional
margins and therefore close to unworkable. I wonder if this will be the
case for the next decade or so, until the transitions are fully made to
flexiwork and for that matter fleximedia. And then what will happen to
the rest of the economy and/or those institutions which don't follow
suit for socio-economic reasons? The lack of flexibility will increasing-
ly relegate them to backwater. The real battle, in other words, at this
point, isn't between the "young" and the "old" but between institutions
that are flexible, mobile, and accommodating, and those which are not.
Caught in the latter, I search constantly for the former, with little
luck at the moment, but then New York is a surprisingly traditional city
compared to, say, Atlanta.

Universities are highly institutionalized, media centers less so, exper-
imental art centers even less. Some of the computer departments I've
visited have been completely flexible; others are tied into data proces-
sing. Sherry Turkle speaks of lateral programming replacing top-down as
style (in Life on the Screen), and this connects beyond programming to
organizations themselves. Laterality should always be "sloppy" in the
sense that it has to move up and down the chain, from effects, say, to
over-arching goals. Laterality in an organization also implies open lines
of communications and less departmental empire-building, reliance on
seniority, and working only through fixed protocols, no matter how flex-
ible they seem in themselves. Every inside has an outside, and every 
outside should be incorporated!

I would think there are also lessons _not_ to be learned from the past.
Too often, we hold onto models that have become simulacra themselves, 
such as the nuclear family. The past must become an application or data
bank, which oddly connects with Sartrean existential psychoanalysis -
instead of a fixity that demarcates frameworks of affect and cognition,
such as might be the case with orthodox Freudians. The givenness of the
world knows no fixed boundaries, no self-evident entities; one becomes
human, of course, precisely through inscription and circumscription. 
However, at this juncture such scriptivity must be released, in favor
of micro-texting (for lack of a better turn); without this, institutions
will lose ground, projects will be thwarted across the board, and visions
will be compromised, doomed to reproduce a non-existent past.

