
 

Invention


One of the amazing things about middle-late nineteenth century technology
is its complexity and reliance on mechanism. Cams were the order of the
day, and gear theory was highly developed. Any manual task could easily
be duplicated. Machines were often enormous; hat-making and other tradi-
tional occupations were highly automated. Power stemmed from steam, water,
etc. - later electric motors were employed - and there was often a main
driveshaft in the factory, running any number of semi-independent units.

Against this backdrop, Edison's and Bell's work seems an enormous reduc- 
tion. The early telephone, phonograph, lightbulb, and cinema (and all of 
these have debatable origins) were remarkable in their simplicity; the
bulb, for example, consists of a somewhat evacuated glass sphere and a
filament that passes electric current. The earlier phonographs were hand-
cranked, a small handle turning a turntable holding the record platter or
cylinder, and the needle/diaphragm (possibly)/horn did the rest.

These inventions had very few, if any, moving parts. Even conceptually,
they're relatively easy to understand. Unlike television, there's little
in terms of system philosophy necessary (television's history actually
begins in the late 19th-century, earlier than film's; even then, it was
complex - needing further technological development).

Perhaps there is a different mode of thinking at work. Mechanism remains
within its own framework, its own ontology - sound, for example, while
technically a part of this, conceptually isn't. Mechanism is an intensi-
fication - a form of programming, similar to that of the computer. Just 
as a computer program can do _anything_ on screen that's well-defined,
nineteenth-century mechanism could do _anything_ in the real world that
involved physical manipulation. Just as programming without interfacing
beyond the screen is confined to visual presentation, so mechanism locks
itself in a different but equally rigid framework.

The inventions mentioned were all interstitial. They operated between do-
mains, not within them. As interfaces, they're similar to membranes, fil-
ters, and it's this that gave them their enormous social power...

