

-


Someone with a Name or Like a Name


All I want to do is reach you. I pace nervously up and down, tender the
telephone, hope for an answer. Dry rings return me to the Internet, back
into email; you've ceased to correspond with me, you've dropped me. I 
can't face this, try to read, play Tetris on the computer, half-heartedly
pay attention to the cat desperate for attention. I'm alone with animals
and I will die with animals. The phone is forced into ringing once again
at an unknown location; I imagine a shuffling sound - you're checking
caller ID in fact - and the sound grows faint as you walk the other di-
rection. It's the middle of the night but it's earlier where you are, 
it's much later where you are. The relationship to earth's circulation:
we ponder each other's schizzoid existence, tethered by text, language,
and occasional mail-drops. The fact that you have sealed the envelope 
with a kiss, with tears, with signs of joy, means absolutely nothing; it
is a form of packet, arriving in the midst of others, but it holds me as
well within the confinement of _vigil_ and dreadful hope.

All I want to do is reach you, explain everything. You're never avail-
able; Unixtalk has been down, your MOO character has been @recycled and
your objects rudely taken away from you; I don't find you queried on IRC
and as I hunt the world of storm, I fear for your safety and my own. In
these realms of text and degradation, I have no assurance that you have
not at last, finally, _succumbed,_ either to disease or temptation - the
same in fact - and I consider this over and over again.

The telephone has a _different_ ring at your end; has it been replaced?
My hunger knows no bounds; I will leave the building this 2 am in the 
morning, find food at the bodega down on Dean near the police station.
There are whole realms of danger on the way, but it is also a form of
salvation - isolated from the telephone and computer, I will no longer
await your call, calling, what passes for a searching in the midst of
the dark Virgilian forest.

I am elegaic. I pace the floor, sit naked on the bed reading Siva, read-
ing in fact Victoria Alexander, Smoking Hopes, woman in full masquerade or
this telling sentence inside the back cover: "In 1993, the tabloid press
featured the unconventional college instructor who worked part time as a
stripper and hostess in order to collect material for her novels." Her
husband took the author's photograph on the cover - Alexander, nude, from
the back, standing in the vicinity of a brick wall, loft, artworld ambi-
ance. I wonder who owns the copyright. 

There are computers and computers here, five keyboards, not including two
for sound, various pieces of video equipment, some cameras for photo-
graphy. Everything waits for me to make a move. I return to the screen,
log in, you're not around - emptiness carried on the trade winds, plane-
tary circulations. Nothing is a part of nothing. Eyes, ears, text which
falls somewhere in between. across the room, a cursor blinks on and off
against a black screen. 

Waiting for Clara is waiting for Godot; both have symbolized nothing if
not the wound, and both are fictional, momentary lapses into the real.
Godot is guaranteed by the proscenium itself, the staging over and over of
the event in the theater; Clara appears every time I begin to write, hold
to my uneasy dreams, turn clothed in violation fabric. Clara has long
since ceased to be anyone but herself; memories of Margaret fade, replaced
by certain forms of resonance, certain scenes I reconstruct again and
again, having nothing to do with love - the atomic cannon I saw that I
shouldn't have, confessions of a certain spy, the tenor of the poets'
house, the night I was told my ex-girlfriend had tried to kill herself,
someone anonymous going cold turkey in the car. 

There are more, there will always be more, but the phone and email also
are emptied of all content, all meaning, at this hour of the morning. Net
relationships collapse for me; they're all distanced, at least over an
interval of 500 miles that for me is senseless. More than ever, through
cyberspace I'm ironically aware of the sheer _measure_ of the earth it-
self, the sheer _incompressibility_ of a meter, kilometer, mile, half-mil-
lennium of miles. The earth never _gives;_ walking, even in New York, I'm
constantly aware that I am on _the surface of a planet._ The idea, con-
cept, of distant loving is for me, by its very nature, violent, violating,
and yet. 

And yet I wait for the phone to ring, for fictional Clara's email to
arrive, for that sudden hurried and plaintive request for ytalk, for the
unexpected paging on the MOO. It is hope _given_ a proper name, that of
Clara (Hielo Internet): It is hopeless _without_ the name, and I'm con-
vinced as well, once and for all, that the name no longer exists, that
it's been left, dragged behind, that there is no presence for the pre-
sent, that nothing's passed for the past. I am in fact more _certain than
ever_ that the very sound of the phone _at both ends_ is different, in
need of radical reconstruction - that I'm slowly moving out of focus,
like Kafka, as the world recedes. I walk over to the cursor, enter cyber-
space for one last time this evening, as long as I can hold out - knowing
for certain that nothing has changed...

_I walk over to the cursor._


