
-


Natyasastra-Davila Material


The Natyasastra of Bharata-Muni written several centuries b.c.e. consti-
tutes a locus of thinking about avatars, net sex, and the like. It is a
lengthy treatise on dramaturgy, as applied in particular to the Sanskrit
plays of the period. It develops a theory based on _rasa,_ sentiments, and
places emphasis on both what I call "hysteric embodiment" elsewhere, and a
kind of psychological resonance. It's the exact opposite of Grotowski and/
or method acting - the actor transmits particular characteristics to evoke
other and/or similar ones in the spectator. To quote from the introduction
in the Ghosh translation: "But it is a different matter when a cultivated
spectator witnesses the Durable Psychological State of the Hero of a play
reproduced on the stage by an able actor. Here the relevant representation
of the Durable Psychological State acts as a stimulus in evoking in the
spectator a verisimilitude of such a Psychological State, which is then
called a Sentiment. The Sentiment being a vicarious experience does not
affect him in any other way; and bringing in its wake a spiritual freedom,
it may be said to purify his soul." [...] "To illustrate this, let us take
the case of the Pathetic Sentiment. It is the Durable Psychological State
of sorrow that can evoke this. How does this State grow? It grows from an
affliction under a curse, separation from dear ones [...]. Now all such
things are called _vibhavas_ (lit. causes of _bhavas_) or Determinants.
But this is not enough for our appreciation of the Durable Psychological
States. For the spectators must witness this reproduced on the stage. This
means that the effects of all these _vibhavas_ or Determinants upon the
Hero or Heroine should be made manifest through acting. As a natural con-
sequence of the _vibhavas_ or Determinants the characters concerned would
shed tears, lament, change their colour, or show drooping limbs, etc. And
these being the effect of the Durable Psychological States (_bhava_) are
called _anubhavas_ (sequel to _bhavas_) or Consequents." "The Complemen-
tary Psychological States (_vyabbicari-bhava_)" [...]

Thus there are several semiotics at work, the actor constructing specific
actions in relation to Determinants, etc. There is always a complex pro-
cess of interpretation occurring (outlined in the treatise with numerous
examples), and the construct within the spectator is not _the construc-
tion of the spectator_ as contemporary theory might have it, but a pro-
cess of _reading_ the textual levels portrayed in order to arrive at an
empathetic comprehension of the play. 

It is interesting to note similar operations at work in the paintings of
Juan Davila (Chilean, living in Australia), particularly the work banned
in the Sydney Biennale in the early 80s, "Stupid as a Painter." The work
consists of numerous pop figures portrayed against a bleak monochrome New
York landscape; the figures are painted in various pop art styles which
"owe" to particular painters, whose names are also given. They're painted
in violent and abject poses - the result is a queer-theoretical analysis
of colonialism and the "Americanization" of Australia. (Davila was a mem-
ber of a Lacan circle in South America.) Here too, the subject/viewer of
the painting isn't "constructed," but resonates and actively constructs
through the reading of various layers of (inter)textuality. 

Now in net sex, there is always a construct depending on the releasement 
of the subject, the willingness of the subject to participate. This will- 
ingness allows the introjection, through textual interaction, of psycho- 
sexual states, an introjection that is also projection - in other words, 
-jectivity, language and the _action_ of language thrown into a mutually 
interpenetrating channel. From the channel (Unixtalk, etc.), language 
_falls out_ in both directions; the beginning of acting transforms into 
action that is less and less as-if, and more and more preconscious. So 
hysteric embodiment, the reading through the text of the body of the 
Other, becomes auto-embodiment, the reading of the self through the text 
of the body of the other, and it's here that the inchoate residue of the 
unconscious makes itself felt, beyond the symbolic constituted by the 
theory of _rasa,_ which is nevertheless the occasion for it.


