


Time



Within every civilization, the irreality of time figures and configures
specific cultural content, drawn from it with all the resolute tragedy
of foreknowledge. What can be grasped takes itself to grasp it, as if 
the wetness of water were defined solely by presence as content slipped
through the fingers. Further, there is no _comparison_ to time, which
remains obdurate; there is nothing similar. Our graphs and postulations
of cyclicity for example are only transliterations from hieroglyphic to
entirely different ontological realms. Our _sense_ of time, beyond the
necessity of setting circadian and seasonal rhythms, is useless; the
very fact that death comes in upon one has little survival value beyond
a degree of hysteria.

Time functions as spatial distribution of a continuous emission of plas-
ma; it overshadows and corrupts. Within time, urban existence becomes a
moment of temporary encampment, and Biblical injunctions about futility
hold as much sway as ever. It is this, the metaphysics of time, its im-
permeability, that proves obdurate to sufficient degree - research can
only elucidate the mechanisms of its operation, its unicity within the
manifold of the cosmos - and go no further. We're buried in it. So that it
is time that is critical in our asking the question, still: Why is there
being rather than nothing - a question that _takes time_ in the asking,
that remains present and presences, no more and no less. 

"No more and no less," ending the essay, none-the-less turn towards that
further issue of _quantity_ which requires time for its measurement - what
is _fit_ may be that which goes unnoticed, that which forms itself as par-
tial, particulate, part-object, within totality. Time is _the_ only total-
ity, in _fact,_ as humans are occurrences within it, and as it defines or
permeates occurrence. There is the further issue of time-travel, but this
is still, even were it possible (and I think not, but a literal dream of
eternity), movement along a vector, not a skittering elsewhere. We cannot
imagine an _elsewhere,_ outside of time and crystalline; it is problematic
that we imagine time itself - which may, in our phenomenological horizon,
be nothing but an extrapolation of the to-do in daily life. 

Finally, note how cyborg-dreams, digital dreams, machinic-dreams, are
little more in a certain sense than attempts to render time unconscious,
beyond the pale; they promise the premise of eternity in their own forms
of corruption...

[A note, that time altogether, within a different unraveling, is no un-
raveling whatsoever, only a flaw in thought...]


