



Makefile


I had to move the haven, the Nuts talker, and Lily conference MOO, and 
the MOO from Linux to Solaris today. I am totally stressed out, watching 
Nuts and haven refuse to generate a.out - and why should they?, and Lily 
simply being obdurate and confused upon either make or ./restart. The MOO 
wouldn't run either but I knew better and downloaded another MOO core 
from ye old Xerox site. Since I never know what I'm doing, I go for the 
latest core as long as it's not alpha or something that will blow up in 
my face. So now I got the new core combined with the old database; I'm 
not sure the unwieldy thing (MOOs always seem unwieldy) is checkpointing.

I close my eyes and <file>.out, <file>.h, <file>.c, and <file>.o dance 
around me like CLAWS subtracted from deformed lobsters (there's a museum 
of such things in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia); I'm distraught over absolutely 
nothing. So I get into the MOO finally, as Sotatsu the Origin of all Bad 
Things - did you know in fact that I can change your programming? So it 
goes, but it gets the better of me; when I try the internal email list, 
*Online, or email itself, going to the editor in the +expert +enter mode 
(or any other), the editor spews help commands, runs like a Yugo in a 
Mississippi flood, and generally leads me to @abort before I get to write 
the two terrific words to myself I'd been memorizing all day.

Then there's the home command, to take you back to your @digs; for me,
it's a Yurt with bones and a mewling human among other things. But zing! 
There's a traceback tracing back my actions in code whenever I type it -
more screen nonsense in fact. I did note, however, that my emootions,
which were added to Kayo's player-class, are all there, baroque and won-
derous for the eye, loving to the ears as well - and is there a difference
here? (Which leads to a stupid question: When I read, the words "sound 
out" in me; what happens with someone born deaf?)

There's no point to this text except the one that interior and exterior
not only refer to flesh, but also to software and hardware, and the two
intermixed with the former. Watching compiling of a large program is like
watching the actions of the autonomic systems in relation to, say, the
intention of walking, everything distributed among subsets. Now the sub-
sets extend within and without the environment, interpenetrated. But again
I'd stress (stress appears a lot in this post) that this isn't cyborg so
much as flesh introverted; cyborg dreams (which I rarely if ever have) are
a long way off, problematic, and hardened with the crust of violated eco- 
systems, labor, and cultures themselves.

>>> gcc and I'm a.out of here! <<<


