



obj

The Netsex obj has no well-defined boundaries, isn't textual, rides or
surmises upon text; someone overheard that my talk was stream of con-
sciousness and "sophisticated" - the stream metaphor seemed apt. Netsex
problematizes desire vis-a-vis language, parole; problematizes the per-
formative vis-a-vis narratology; problematizes the body vis-a-vis hys-
teric embodiment. Definitions are necessarily fluid, just as sexuality 
itself presents no discrete formations except for the fact that it is 
"inscribed" within our culture - more to the point, it fissures it. (This 
distinction is developed elsewhere.) So the Netsex obj, or obj for short, 
remains a particulated drive, outside of conclusivity - in this regard, 
it's similar to Derrida _on_ deconstruction, _on_ "deconstruction." In 
both instances, there are affairs of subtextualities, but in Netsex there 
are also imminent problems of ontological bridging, intention, and loss.

Loss is a good thing. Loss can be cumming as well as going. Loss can be 
loss of boundary. Loss can be the router/routing of death. Loss can be 
uneasy dreams, uneasy dreamer. 

I don't know where this could go, a fragment thought while walking through
the heterological halls of the conference on narration. Because it is imp-
ossible to "do" the subject, only to do the obj, and because the framework
has capsized Andrea Doria, Alexandria Library. 

But, I'd emphasize, the thinking is there:

"The beginning of writing provides an origin that sloughs off into unknown
tongues, or inscriptions so reduced as to render themselves unintelligib-
le. It is as if one stood at the shores of a gulf separating Sumer from
the absence of the Name, as if the Name were born, an impossibility, some-
where back in the fourth millennium bce (sic). Thus the trace is always
already under erasure by the awkward production of historic literacy; 
even a previous century remains unknown in terms of peoples, events, dyn-
asties, the king-lists themselves tapering into mythological root." (Num-
entius.)

