
-


Pain


A book I don't recommend for the horror of it, Peter Sotos, Total Abuse, 
Collected Writings 1984-85, which is a cult text (thanks to his magazine 
Pure, described in Parfrey's Apocalypse Culture) - raises very troubling 
questions about left-wing right-wing, and about the very nature of the 
avant-garde in relation to transgression. For the book is brutally trans- 
gressive, stuff beyond nightmares; I won't describe the content here and 
I don't suggest you seek it out. It is on the far side of rape, violence, 
mayhem against men, women, children, races, religions. It portends to a 
veracity that Sade was nowhere near, but it's Sadean in other aspects.

If the avant-garde is problematized in numerous ways today (even in terms
of its existence or non-existence), transgressive phenomena - on one hand
the work of Karen Finley and on the other, that of G. G.. Allin - play a
major role - look at the Cinema of Transgression itself. When does trans-
gression become a matter, not only of criminality, but also of brutality,
destruction - when does it no longer simply shock the bourgeoisie, but
also eviscerate them? I think the notion of boundary has to be re-examined
- what's interesting (and here I'm making a plea for my own work, partic-
ularly video), is that violent and/or sexual transgression is acceptable,
but abjection and discomfort are not - my tapes have made audiences who
are used to, say, Richard Kern, extremely uneasy. But it is beyond Kern
and myself that I am speaking (or rather perhaps in a third direction
entirely), thinking through say the magazines Answer Me or Pure, and what
they represent, and how they articulate - just what - in the culture. 

The issue of left-wing right-wing is trivial in regard to them, but the
issue of the body and _whose body_ is paramount. I find it troubling that
a lot of this work doesn't problematize its own representation of violence
(in the way, for example, that Ron Tavel or Charles Ludlum did with the
Theater of the Ridiculous - or take Ubu Roi). So there are questions: 
where to _situate_ the work, how to respond to it, engage or, more to the 
point, disengage its politics. It's a barrier, an unraveling of the cul- 
ture. It's fearful and represents, I think, the intensification of local 
and unreadable psychoses, although it's often taken for the lineaments of 
gratified desire, perhaps one and the same, perhaps male as well.

