
-


Return to Bang! Bang!


Tonight myself and two of the speakers at the Tuesday night conference
were attacked on *Chatter, an email list on PMC2-MOO. The attack was per-
sonal and the poster chose to log in as guest, giving no name. I find this
cowardly, just as, on a highly escalated level, a drive-by shooting is
cowardly. There is no recourse, no basis given for the vituperation. I was
tempted to repost the attack (which was short, and to the (blunted and
misdirected) point), but figured not to give more ammunition, create more
damage. 

The idea of "damage" is absurd of course, since nothing is done but name- 
calling. But name-calling is all there is, all that can occur, in a space 
which is solely a text-based environment. Of course it can escalate as 
well to hacking, toading, deleting, aborting, killing, all those words 
implicating, mutilating the _physical_ body in real _material_ life...

I'm too tired to follow through with this, "where this would go," but the 
questions it raises are worth thinking about - How many of you have been 
attacked this way within the environment of the MOO or email list (on IRC 
or newsgroup - or for that matter WorldsChat - it's much more common)? 
How many of you have, yourselves, attacked anonymously?

Does anonymity necessarily create an environment for greater aggression? 
What I've seen on the MOO and elsewhere, are tendencies towards over-de-
termination, over-investment, and anger whenever the socius is disturbed. 
And perhaps the conference is a disturbance, with certain people speaking
in real life, the rest remaining virtual? As if such an extrusion, cut-
ting-off or away, couldn't be tolerated...

(By the way I've been called one of the "Power Elite" there, in spite of
the fact I can't program, log in timorously, and only spend time either
trying to be responsible to the quota review board, or writing/reading on
the various email lists. So I think, this is a question of _power._ But 
what sort of power, to what end? As if _maintaining_ were automatically a 
form of corruption. I sit down, corrected.)


