



If you could you only would, bear the burden your mother could --
If I'm an op on IRC, would you come and visit me --
Would you make passes at a wizard with glasses --


Everyone I know who governs, however you define it, in cyberspace/upon 
cyberspace (almost a mapping-onto), neuroticizes/is neuroticized by it 
(also left undefined): because there is no proper causality, effect, gigo 
(garbage in, garbage out) associated with it. So I take notes, driving 
down the highway, arrive at the following, sure of nothing but the far 
end of the psychoanalytical _drive._

issues of governance in cyberspace: need absolutely authoritarian environ-
ment or accept overly wide range of demographics. the former - say a comp-
letely moderated newsgroup - works perfects in terms of defined subject
matter. the latter develops community. there are always, in both, grey
areas - which become part of the latter's content and its problematic. 

with the former, clean and proper body/room. with the latter, no way to
deal with interstitial forms - that is to say, that each and every user
can occupy equivalent places in data bases. in newsgroups, on IRC before 
banning, even in open email lists, everyone is allotted/slotted.

no way out of this. no accounting as well for the labor put into mainten-
ance of these spaces - nor of the physical energy at work (who pays the
electric bills). so these spaces in a sense are _literally_ playgrounded -
the _Urgrund_ is in play, plays itself out - the maintenance of the struc-
ture - and here's the important point - _just like the maintenance of the
real_ - is taken for granted. if the real is an arena or world-theater
(see the Natyasastra for an early aesthetics of this), so is the cyber-
spatial - it doesn't occur to users that there may be serious epistemolo-
gical differences beyond the usual issues of embodiment, gender, and so
forth. 

the result is a neurotic tension, a torsion occasioned by maintenance; by
anarchic tendencies towards an _absolute_ speech which is _absolutely_
free (i.e. every speech act is permitted, including, say, rogue program-
ming); by the desire to develop subject or subjectivity in depth; by the
conflicting desires of users among themselves and in relation to so-called
governing bodies (wizards, staff, populace); etc. - so that one often
finds obsessive-compulsive behavior at all levels - since (another impor-
tant point) _nothing can be resolved,_ according to any dialogic; since 
time transforms wounds into scars and nothing more, and since the final 
histories of these spaces are often scars dis/located into the semblance 
of healthy community.

(which is not to say, btw, _dysfunctional community,_ although this often 
occurs as well.)

