
-



(I wrote this after finding myself over and over again in "neurotic" 
territory on-line, and watching some of my favorite spaces become sites 
of textual contestation. I'm interested in what _within the space itself_ 
creates tensions that are resolved or remain submerged in real life. 
Please bear with the length of the text.)



Neurosis as the Fundamental Condition of CMC (Computer-Mediated Commu-
nication):


If the promise of seamless virtual reality in the twenty-first century
is going to be anything more than the transposing of violence to cyber-
space (with real-life consequences), it is necessary to understand the
psychology and psychoanalytics of human behavior in current CMC. One 
of the issues I encounter over and over again is that of neurosis, the
inability to circumscribe the socius coupled with obsessive repetitive
behavior. In real life I'm highly neurotic; in cyberspace, I monitor and
even occasionally step back from my behavior. But there are times I am
capable of extreme foresightedness, worrying a text of self or other 
literally to symbolic death. 

Some of the texts and materials on PMC2-MOO; a number of the posts on
Usenet groups; occasional periods on almost every email list; IRC of
course - all of these are lent the neurotic order, whose main charac-
teristic is that of impenetrable entanglement: there's no way to back out
or down, and the language takes on a symptomology or level of its own. 

I write this at dusk, facing a large window opening onto a north-eastern
Pennsylvania yard. I can look up and out; rain is falling - the weather's
severe. The gnarled branch of a dogwood yields the atmosphere of the
window's edge against the descending sky. Writing is placed within its
own dominion, and inner speech is part of the world, not against it.

Late at night on PMC2-MOO, I receive a text on *Chatter, one of the MOO's
internal email lists. It's another attack, and it's all I see; its speech
becomes my own as I sound out the language speaking itself against me. It
says nothing but what I say, against a dark backdrop that includes a
wall's edge at the distance of a couple of feet or so. The text is my
world, an epistolary novel gone wrong a personal directive (although the
post I am talking about is one among many, and not an ad hominem attack).
It mixes with my own words, my own remembered and transformed history
within the space. It mixes with my own needs, the isolation of input and
output - no one else is in the room, and the small sky to the left is both
black and thick. 

I respond neurotically. The text becomes permanent damage. It affects
every corner of the MOO, of my MOO-life; when it's visible, nothing else
is - it's all I see, as if anger encompasses the world when anger _is._
I respond as if an imbalance were struck, that only I can see, an imbal-
ance that needs redress because _everything that occurs is at stake._ As
in Net sex, the words resonate beyond me, coagulate against the horizon
of subjectivity that is my consideration of my "self," and which is al-
ways ill-defined. The horizon is circumscribed by them, and internally
the result is chaotic: as in a fight with a lover, I find myself at odds
with myself in ways I did not portend nor control. 

I watch the words respond on the screen. They are my words. I feel my
tension rise; I "see red," "see black," "sink," "feel everything is at a
loss." Above all, I feel misunderstood, wounded; I must either leave the
MOO or fight back. I must leave the email list *Chatter; I must leave the
room; I must leave my life. There are no boundaries; it's the ascii un-
conscious at work here, at play, and my speaking of myself through the
other leaves no room anywhere.

It's _not_ that flames, attacks, gropes, neurotic tendencies, behave the
way they do because of the anonymity of cyberspace - it's exactly the
_opposite:_ the space is _too close,_ too much of one, leaving no room
for analysis. It's as if that lover I am fighting with suddenly crawled
within me, keeping her violence (to which I respond with my own) going,
turning my words against me, turning myself inside-out - what I call a
_violation fabric,_ a weaving of language and gesture that wears like a
cloak of poison - that becomes the flesh itself.

My body fights my body. It's the keyboard and screen that save one from
total psychosis, which as I've pointed out elsewhere, begins to set in,
the wryting in collusion with writing, the text transforming into flick-
ering images/imaginary, the symbolic dissolving as hysteric embodiment
constructs the other which is the self in the (mirror stage) (of the re-
flection theory) (of the dream) screen.

Reflection theory, dream screen, mirror stage: We are bothered by pro-
jection, and traditional psychoanalytic theory recognizes, as did Dosto-
evsky and Gogol, the otherness and duplicity of the potential for doub-
ling. Doubling is primal and fundamental cyberspace, however - not only
the doubling inherent in avatar projection (and seamless virtual reality
returning this projection to the imminent body itself), but also the dou-
bling involved in the writing of and by the other, of and by the other.
What is written, as I pointed out, becomes _my_ writing, and we in the
world we live in are not, and will never be, accustomed to this - that the
epistolary novel gone bad is nonetheless a production of a response occa-
sioning nothing more than a response, a give and take. Our bodies don't
accompany us here; text, voice, and image constructs do. There is no
appearance of the other; there is speech. The speech is always already
our own, and therefore, both ours and not ours, and therefore neurotici-
zed by impossible resolution.

The same thing exactly occurs with issues of intellectual property - 
Whose writing and software is whose writing and software? It's not just
a question of ownership of the organization of things - it's also an
issue of projection and introjection. The concept of entities breaks
down. Who is doing what to whom? No matter how this resolves in court, 
there is always going to be the problem of what is claimed to be _your
text arriving on my screen._ Perhaps I did not ask for it. Perhaps I sense
injury.

So there are _fundamental tensions_ in text-driven CMC, and, I suspect,
the same will exist elsewhere. Certainly I have seen these tensions at 
work in the actions and communications on WorldsChat, which is a VRML
MOO with highly-developed images and some sound capability. The same
hatreds, cyclings, suspicions, angers, racisms, sexisms, furies, spam-
mings, are at work. I imagine the equivalent on ThePalace and IPhone,
although I'm not on either long enough to find out.

Where there are spaces in cyberspace, there is sex, neurosis, community.
These open up even in the one-to-one on Iphone, and, I suspect, ytalk.
Where, as on Powwow, there are possibilities of many to many, the commu-
nity develops in depth, and there are forkings between public and private
and it is within these forkings that sexualities pronounce themselves.
Sex, neurosis, and community - community which must be pronounced and con-
structed to be present - are intertwined in real life; they're united by
the _performative._ Even reading itself is an action unlike looking out a
window - reading, inner speech, sounding out, interpreting, takes a dif-
ferent form of labor and by every means, an different level of engagement.
It's always performance, and in every performance the self is at stake,
not to mention power and control.

It's valuable to progress in this fashion, circumlocuting power and
control, because these are at the heart of helplessness and neurosis of
course - and one is helpless in CMC before the flame of the other which
occupies and defines its own space. One can reply, but the reply is always
after the fact, not within it, not a mutual posturing of bodies in real
space that can lead to resolution. In cyberspace, with the flame, the 
deed is already done, the aggression is there, the response can only be
silence or equivalent flaming. One senses this, attempts to back down - 
issues of performance, introjection, projection, and the like arise again.
Nothing resolves "properly."

And it is worse if one is _in charge_ of an email list, moderating a news-
group, a wizard on a MOO, and so forth; one's position then also owes to
labor, to a community, and the irresolution deepens, intensifies - par-
ticularly with the desire to literally bring the entire application down,
start over, annihilate the text of the other which will never leave one
alone, just as one's own guilty conscience resonates with each and every
attack. The most overt solution would be to step away, "take a deep 
breath," but there is always the possibility when that occurs, of abandon-
ing administration altogether, and then what will happen?

There is also the aura of these spaces, that region consisting of pages on
MOOs, private email off of newsgroups and email lists, /msg on IRC. So
other issues come forward, which separate public/private absolutely, and
which affect the administration of the whole. And of course all of this is
through text, perhaps augmented by telephone: voice in one form or anoth-
er, voices making demands, voices occupying dream spaces. 

At the moment, given the state of virtual reality, textual or otherwise,
I see no way out of all of this. CMC will continue to develop neuroses
in its participants, as well as fantasms, love affairs with ascii, sexu-
alities of unbelievable intensities, against the backdrop of screens -
screens are always backdrops. The only partial solution is to be aware
of this tendency, which is based to a large extent on the nature of the
space itself in relation to the psychoanalytics and psychology of human
thinking in the world, which in real physical life floods in, giving lit-
tle time for inner speech and domination. The mind is a mouth, mouthing
ontology and content simultaneously. One has to hold back, doesn't one?


