

(For Australian creative writing magazine, 5/4/2001)


Writing Online                                            Alan Sondheim



I'm not sure how to title this. I write online, teach online, conference 
online, and even do a bit of governance - I run a number of email lists, 
which presents all sorts of issues. But here I want to deal with my 
writing, my texts, which I send out to several email lists, several times 
daily. In order to do this, I work constantly - a lot of the time I use 
online environments and tools for my work.

You can find my work at http://www2.sva.edu/~alans/index.html - and if you
go there, then look at all of the text files, particiularly the ones with
names like ab, ac, lm, ln, lo, etc. Each of these is a long file contain-
ing a great number of texts; the texts are found in the order I write 
them. This will give you an idea of my "standard" writing.

Now go to http://www2.sva.edu/~alans/in.htm - this is something quite dif- 
ferent! Here is my web page scribbled on - it's a real mess, as if someone 
hacked into my site and destroyed it. But this is deliberate, and an exam- 
ple of what I do - which often involves a kind of "interference."

For this second site (at almost the same address), I used a Web browser
called Amaya. You can download Amaya from the Internet - it's an experi-
mental browser used by the World Wide Web consortium (those people who 
basically decide the standards that govern Web pages and servers) to text 
html and other online codes. It's unique because you can mess up whatever 
page you're looking at - and then download it, or if it's your own page, 
you can put it back. This felt joyful - the ability to scribble directly 
on my own page! So I did that, made a second page (using in.html instead 
of index.html) and put it back in the directory.

So what's the purpose? Other than making a new text, it created quite a 
disturbance - as if a clean and proper web page were taken over by someone 
else and reused. And I wanted to do this - make it look as if somehow my 
work was "torn" or hacked into - as if it were a body that was taken over 
by someone else - as if someone else were speaking through my body. And, 
judging by the responses I got, people in fact did think that someone else 
had gone to the site and taken it over.

Another example of this kind of thing is a project I designed for the 
trAce online writing group. It's the "Lost Project." I was the online 
writer-in-residence for trAce for six months, and I first did a piece 
where I roamed all across the trAce bulletin board - went into all the 
different conferences - as if I had lost something, and might find it 
there. (Go to http://hum-webboard.ntu.ac.uk/~trace/login to see the 
webboard here.) This was interesting to me - writing a piece which was 
scattered across a whole lot of different sites. Someone would have to go 
to all of them to see what I was doing.

After this, I thought more about losing things, and decided I wanted a 
site where people could go and describe anything or anyone they had lost. 
But I changed this in several ways - I made (with the aid of Simon Mills, 
an excellent programmer) a webpage which "shuddered" and looked as if it 
were falling apart - it made it difficult to enter anything into the form. 
I then had it made that, after you clicked "submit," you'd be taken to a 
fake error page - as if you'd make a mistake. The idea was that you would 
already be feeling that you had "lost" your writing and description as 
well. If you clicked on the fake error page, it would take you to a list 
of everything that anyone had lost - including your own submission.

On the first page, you're asked to give your name and email address as 
well - but when you go to the list of things lost, your name and email 
address aren't there - they're also lost. You have to click on a name/ 
address page - and you'll find a list of all the participants, without 
their descriptions.

The best way to think about this is to look at the page itself - at 
http://trace.ntu.ac.uk/lost/ Enter some information and see what happens.

All of these projects involve webpages and thinking about the web. But 
there are a lot of other ways to work - for example, a simple thing to do 
is use letter substitution. In the operating systems I use - unix and 
linux - there is a command, "sed," that allows a great deal of sophistica- 
ted substitution - you can even write programs "in sed." But you can also 
do substitution in any word processing program.

For example:


