
On the Diffusion of the Blank and Blankness

This is the closeness of your other 
 
writing this revelation: that blankness is among gamespace, 
edgepace, the ledge, the abject, the archival impulse, the 
elsewhere, the elsewhen, that it is neither slate nor fluid, 
that in other words 'there is no there there' or the speaking 
voice, or a language, phonemes, marks, traces, gloss. arms 
gather space within and without, space surrounds arms, 
organisms, space ruptures and breaks, the mythology of the 
blank might do here in its (space and blank and rupture) 
disappearance.

adding: that it is always a fear that such poesis is taken as 
a poetics of the world, a more or less scattered or useless 
description, instead of the deep harboring of poesis as an 
accurate response to a blank which inheres, adheres, within 
and without our presencing, circumscription (if to 
circumscribe were _parabolic_ without the steadied and finite 
circumferance).
 
This is the distance of your new Clar 
 
the blank screen is anywhere, beyond or as relay elsewhere 
than the surface fabrication of detail. the screen always 
designates an edgespace which is within and without, giving 
us, always, a sense of unease; think of it as shimmer or 
stutter, the entangled conjuring of the abject or tawdry -

and so a sense or senselessness of abandonment, as if there 
were an other/wise beyond/ one/'s habitus. abandonment is a 
falling out, falling forward, the l/edge of the building, the 
descent where nothing occurs. the blank, ab nihilo, corruption 
of gamespace, production of edgespace, yes, all the way down. 

is not pessimism absolute? again a relay or detraction occurs 
as if momentary. the blank screen on the wall remains, 
succumbs, proffers itself. we are there for it, among it. one 
must write in plurality to occur. one begs for the past, 
because it encapsulates, carapace, hovers, banked capital, 
lodged, at one point articulated: i don't remember, but i 
recall this about it nonetheless. the blank is always our 
past, coming to us, always our future, leaving us behind. 

so that internally, as heated organisms, one might speak of 
the _inferno of gamespace_ and the _blink of an I_ and from 
there, onto the ledge.

i want to add something about pessimism and truth, but 
pessimism or optimism or other states are neither farther nor 
closer from that diacritical mark (which seems a safe habitus, 
but as we know from mathematics, it is not) - truth has 
nothing to do with it; the blank is a blank slate that absorbs 
inscription and its denouement, ignores inscription and the 
archival impulse; perhaps an evanescent model would be 
neutrino entanglements or virtual particles, and what might be 
called a _non-memory of non_ in the mood or mod of the 
subjumnctive, in a mood.

one returns for the allotment 

the shame lies in this, that we behave and believe otherwise, 
which is also the shame and the hope, the closed shameful eyes 
wide open, the debris roiling, coagulating, into the semblance 
of (momentary) organism, that the organic is always an as-if, 
and that blankness has no more presence than the virtual, the 
blankness of the blank for example, a regression meaning 
nothing but collapse.

so the return to the immensity of differentiation of the real 
and its obdurate. so that given the organ or human project/ion 
- nothing remains but the ion, already unstable, faltering; 
it's this pretense, circumlocuted and circumambulated by the 
curtain of death of consciousness, that permits us to occur, 
be, in the first place, always the misrecognition of the real. 

or the parabolic whose boundary itself is fuzzy, roiled, 
coagulated, virtual, dividing the uneasy plane without the 
benefit of finite closure, as if the gamespace edgespace 
elsewhere elsewhen blank were something to be _swallowed_ and 
here the swallowtail catastrophe comes to mind -

Sun Mar 27 14:07:56 EDT 2016
